second , comprehensive management .
against this background , china must merge with the world economy , and it is necessary to speed up development of high - tech industries , enhance its overall national strength , and improve the international division of labor in this industry .
article 20 the pboc shall set up a branch of the renminbi issuance and set up branch offices in its branch and shall be responsible for protecting the renminbi issuance funds .
at the beginning of the new millennium , people of all walks of life have taken advantage of this new thinking to create a new blueprint for world development in the new century .
let people worry that this rocket is a spacecraft at the head of the rocket .
if a person is considered to be the first , china must take the first step in its manned space .
however , many scientists and editor of the world have felt that the development of china 's science and technology periodicals is far from china 's science and technology development .
from the middle east to the balkans , from the balkans to afghanistan , it was almost not yet busy to be busy in the incident , but it was not willing to interfere in other countries ' affairs .
it is reported that the cppcc national committee of hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese affairs will be listed as the key work in taiwan last year .
the vast number of developing countries also realized that only by participating in and cooperating can they gradually change the irrational and unfair international economic order , and this is one of the important reasons for developing countries to join the wto .
beijing , 15 feb (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that china and russia are carrying out military cooperation aimed at strengthening national defense and safeguarding sovereignty and territorial integrity .
in 1995 , the european commission of the european union held in the " report on european security policy " in 2000 , saying that the european union 's common security and foreign policy should be based on the purpose of establishing a collective security mechanism .
tang yao - ming : i fully grasp the dynamic of the military . taipei is an open newspaper .
the current exchange rate of the renminbi exchange rate is in line with the current domestic economic structure and the decline of the inflation rate in china . the domestic domestic domestic domestic value has risen continuously , and the pressure of the renminbi is already clear .
in june 1999 , sichuan chemical machinery and france signed a total of 1 million kilowatts of the french chemical plant , and the large - sized water - power plant officially hit the production of the water plant , and made a year after the end of january this year .
tunisia highly praised the chinese leaders ' domestic and foreign policies and expressed deep admiration for china 's achievements in economic and social development .
comprehensively merging itself with china will certainly promote china 's comprehensive reform .
xiao yang , president of the supreme people 's court , and responsible comrades of the central people 's court , the supreme people 's court , renmin ribao , cctv , and the central people 's radio broadcasts , and renmin ribao .
taiwan 's future is only one one of the same way that is to move toward reunification with the motherland and will never move toward separation .
shi guangsheng thanked china for this .
wu bangguo said : beijing has made contributions to deepening sino - japanese friendship and developing friendly exchanges and sports exchanges between the peoples of various countries in the world over the past 15 years .
the white paper also pointed out that taiwan 's contents of " one country , two systems " can be more relaxed than hong kong and macao .
wang shaohong was introduced by a person in march 1997 and entered the first step of practicing practice in the process of being healthy and healthy .
in the face of the strategic restructuring of agriculture and rural economic structures , we must change the ideological concepts of the present , leadership methods , and the quality and structural adjustment of the cadres and the masses , and change from the method of thinking and methods of work to the market .
wang yi and lebanon also held annual diplomatic consultations and exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern .
this determines that although the central committee has encountered difficulties and dangers on the road of national reunification , it is doomed to failure .
the main reason for the growth of material expenditure is that the plant 's agricultural medicine , machinery , and machinery and other irrigation fees ( 2 ) have been provided .
we believe that we hope to choose the taiwan compatriots who choose peaceful reunification of the two sides of the strait , and can see through the lies , and make a wise choice for the truth and truth .
separating the functions of the government from enterprises is a major theme of the reform of state - owned enterprises .
on 24 february , li peng made a speech at the " three stresses " education meeting of the leading cadres of zhangjiagang city in the city of zhangjia city .
members of the cppcc national committee participated in the motions were 1766 members , accounting for 75.9 percent of the total members .
after listening to the report , general secretary jiang was satisfied with the rapid development of the company .
strengthening and improving education work is not only a matter of school and education departments , but also all sectors of society should be concerned about and support .
the recent international research report of a international organization shows that the international competitiveness of china 's science and technology has declined by a large margin , and has aroused the attention of insightful people .
the " conversation " drew a shock on the vast land of the chinese nation and brought the demands of the party committees and governments at all levels and governments at all levels .
to solve these problems , we must mobilize schools , family , and even the entire society to achieve the results .
whoever can correctly understand and resolve the human issue , and whoever can seize the opportunity and strive to win the advantage of the world .
this decision stipulates that the annual national economic and social development plan for the state council is five years and the draft plan for long - term planning should be held in the npc , and it should be submitted to the npc standing committee one month ago .
some western countries have advocated " human rights above sovereignty " another argument , and human value is higher than the value of the country .
how to resolve the taiwan issue and accomplish the great cause of china 's reunification is the chinese people 's own thing . us anti - china politicians should not underestimate the determination and ability of the chinese people to safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
robinson thanked china for the holding of the human rights seminar and said that the meeting was very successful - - to help strengthen exchanges and cooperation between the asian - pacific countries on human rights issues .
this kind of stance by the united states is totally violating the principle of international law and the three sino - us joint communiques and has infringed china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
he first reviewed the work of the cppcc over the past year .
under chairman li ruihuan 's report , the session first examined and discussed the agenda of the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee .
the leaders of the state council and the various ministries and commissions of the state council will listen to the opinions of deputies and members of the committee , so as to enhance the efficiency and quality of administrative affairs .
with the development of reform , opening up , and socialist modernization , the people 's congress system will become increasingly perfect and will play an increasingly important role in the development of reform and opening up and socialist modernization .
we should further speed up infrastructure construction , effectively strengthen the ecological environment construction , actively adjust the industrial structure , vigorously develop science and technology and education , and continually intensify reform and opening up .
deputy dingope put forward three suggestions on improving school education and reducing the burden on students , saying : conscientiously changing the concept of education , and establishing correct education concept . strengthening education and teaching reform ; strengthening the building of the teachers ' teachers ' quality .
the project of the xisha river , the xisha river , lanzhou , lanzhou , shanghai , and the beijing - - xichang railway stations , the long - distance hydropower station , and the asia - pacific sea cables , should be speeded up .
we should inspect the implementation of the party 's line , principles , and policies and policies and promptly expose and investigate and deal with the serious violation of political discipline .
zeng peiyan said : through the recent two - year plan , the power supply of china 's electric power has been eased somewhat .
in addition , the expenditures for national defense increased by 12.7 percent .
xu shanlin explained that we are not at the light rate , but apart from the successful experience of foreign countries , china has now made good legislative environment .
today , science is developing with rapid development , and ideological and cultural exchanges are developing with each passing day .
this involves the vital interests of many staff members and workers , and all localities must seriously implement the relevant state policies and regulations , and we must properly handle the funds needed by the workers and staff members and workers .
we should take the market as the guide , cultivate and develop the leading industry with economic benefits , and form a favorable economic advantage in the suburbs of beijing 's suburbs .
according to the deputies of the hong kong sar , president jiang zemin began his remarks after his speech .
because china 's tariffs are not improved , the tariff rate of higher tariffs on china 's economy is relatively limited , and china 's actual tariffs were only 7.9 percent .
it is also necessary to strengthen management from strict management .
all hong kong people should maintain the authority of the chief executive and unite around the chief executive , and ensure that the special administrative region will follow the basic law .
for example , we will increase exports of labor - intensive products and provide a large amount of employment opportunities for domestic labor - intensive products .
whether production scale or technology are large - scale or low - quality , no matter whether the management or the production of enterprises or the quality of workers , the quality of the workers , and the advanced standard of the international level .
many deputies and cppcc members pointed out that jiang zemin and other standing committee members have taken the lead in launching the " three stresses " education at county level in counties and counties .
deputy li hao , said : this year 's " two high - level " report has highlighted the masses ' strong reaction , and the public 's punishment is unfair to judge the problems of crime , and the case of being involved in corruption and for judicial justice .
the import and appraisal of the tax - up - up experience shows that hong kong people support the basic law of the npc standing committee .
the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee held at the turn of the century ended today .
various countries have come to attend the closing session at invitation .
the two countries have taken the lead in many aspects of science and technology , culture , and productive forces .
judging from the military 's ability , the us military has fully absorbed modern information technology , and has become the units of the units of the information technology .
last year , the state council has organized seven - level cadres to conduct a training class for the work of supporting 59 counties of the country , which have focused on the work of assisting 1,100 counties of counties of the country , and more than 1,400 counties in the country .
in particular , china 's accession to the wto will soon be imminent , and the future of economic and social ties will be closer to the outside world , and this has set new demands and tests on the government 's management capability .
present at the meeting were song song jian , wang ming , zhou shaos , liu yanling , and others .
by that time , how can the international community protect china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity ? the chinese government will use such means to safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity ?
however , some isolatedists want to open the door to china . now , when the congress selected the congress , they are selected , they are choosing isolation or joint .
we should speed up the strategic adjustments of the economic structure and enhance the overall quality of the national economy .
we should continue to implement the proactive financial policy , promote the rapid growth of investment demand , encourage and guide consumption .
answering a reporter 's question at a news conference held in the arats this morning , tang shubei said that the two sides of the strait are not the issue of reunification or the question of reunification , but whether taiwan will march toward " independence . "
we must focus on the overall situation , keep one - sided , firmly guard against the masses , guard against the masses , and seek truth from facts , and make theoretical innovations , and respect the law of blindly , and resolutely guard against and effectively grasp the work of preventing and preventing empty talk .
the responsible person said : in the past five years since the " law of the people 's bank of china , " the central bank has formulated laws and formulated a higher level and awareness of implementing the monetary policy , and has been further strengthened in the ability of financial supervision and control .
in addition , some differences between the two sides of the strait have been different from the word " peace " because you cannot imagine that you will not imagine you will not be able to use reunification . i will fight you and say that peaceful reunification is the way of peaceful reunification .
this point , our leaders have made a clear explanation . i have been regarded as a chinese element and resolutely supported the chinese leader 's stand .
china 's vast numbers of people and regions are relatively backward in productive forces , and regions are also unbalanced . in the same period , it is necessary to achieve a rapid prosperity in the same period .
under this major background , the countries and countries are seeking even more close cooperation , and one country 's internal activities are obviously moving against the historical trend .
the company was founded in august 1989 , and first used to purchase bad assets from financial institutions , and then adopted the means of investment banks to carry out their assets , assessment , and reorganization , and sales of different assets .
if anyone is in a split , dare to be brave in splitting the country and dare to engage in " taiwan independence " by foreign forces , he attempts to separate taiwan from china 's territory , and means war .
therefore , whether or not the one - china principle is a touchstone , and whether the one side can be sincere in testing whether or not the talks are sincere , and whether the one side is willing to be peaceful reunification of the country .
beijing , 21 mar ( xinhua ) - - the interim regulations for the board of supervisors of state - owned enterprises are first to improve the supervision mechanism of state - owned enterprises and strengthen supervision over state - owned enterprises .
president sassou expressed his pleasure to meet chairman li peng and his wife .
the " taiwan independence " forces have the hands of themselves , and have no choice but to defend taiwan and the taiwan island 's coastal area , and have many targets of defensive defense .
in the face of this situation , we must never be able to talk with other cities .
at the meeting , liu peng , deputy director of the central propaganda department , made a thorough publicity to the " decision " and made a plan for the implementation of the spirit of the " decision " and further put forward requirements for the work of population and family planning work .
professor hsieh yusheng of the east china sea pointed out in his speech that lee teng - hui has repeatedly claimed that " democracy " should be " in a correct way . "
he held that the taiwan people should support the one - china principle and handle cross - strait relations .
the water sources that are prohibited to set up a protective protective protective screen within the second section of the material protection zone , the oil , and other harmful goods of the oil .
this was the two leaders of the nanjing military region in the shanghai base .
under the situation of economic globalization and speeding up development , both sides should strengthen exchanges and cooperation and enable the two countries to become good friends , neighbors , and good partners .
according to the norms of international law , syria and israel will share the water of the lake .
the " non - contact war " that is being launched by a large number of cruise missiles and anti - defense zones , which is now the main combat mode of modern warfare .
statistics show that from 1990 to 1998 , exports to china increased by nearly 500 percent from the high - tech exports to china .
why did it talk about this one after another ? then , then , could it be imagined that the gelel could be moved from the lower reaches ?
these enterprises represent the success of the state - owned enterprises toward the market .
through this activity , we should guide cadres and masses to think of their beliefs and work hard to keep their confidence and combat effectiveness .
under the condition of the name system , individual income lacks relatively centralized accounts , and it is hard to statistics and tax collection .
feng hu - hsiang also pointed out that the cpc 's leaders have always made speeches . they have never said that " one china " is " the people 's republic of china . " feng hu - hsiang held that chen shui - bian 's inaugural speech can be selected by three times .
however , we also soberly recognize that there are still many problems in practice .
furthermore , " the law formulated by mankind is to restrict people and be closed . . . . . . . . . . . . .
this point , a few evil poem of li hongzhi 's words , who had been in the heart of his heart , cannot be too clear .
china 's long - term development of mineral resources has established a total of three mineral resources , including heilongjiang 's major daqing , liaoning 's shan , the shanshan , and sichuan , which has been slash up by 300 mineral resources , which relies on the industries of the province .
hu jintao stressed that the chinese party and government have always treasured the traditional friendship between china and the dprk and will , as always , make unremitting efforts to consolidate and develop the sino - dprk friendly and cooperative relations .
we highly appreciate this .
finally , lamy reiterated the eu 's commitment - - support for china 's accession to the wto as soon as possible .
considering various reasons , some of the existing existing existing accounts cannot personally go to the actual conditions of financial institutions , and the " regulations on individual deposit accounts " stipulates the system of the system of the system of acting as a system of acting as a system of insurance deposits .
ideological and political work is a fine tradition and political advantage of our party .
in the kmt , he played an tricks and used his own tricks to link himself with other countries and acted as one by one 's own and one 's own way .
he pointed out : we must adapt to the new situation and new problems that have continually developed in society , and regard amendments to laws and laws as a whole as important position .
although the broad prospects of e - commerce are vast , e - commerce is a huge project engineering project , and china 's development of e - commerce is relatively low , and the protracted nature and complexity of e - commerce is even more complicated .
regarding the report , the commercial administration organs should immediately punish the business license or sell other other illegal means to be registered .
on the issue of the " one china " principle , the hong kong people support this stand .
lee teng - hui has been in a dozen years , and basically he has been a process of engaging in splittism and " taiwan independence . "
wu bangguo stressed : it is necessary to strictly investigate and deal with various accidents and comprehensively implement the responsibility system .
we believe that more taiwan compatriots will invest in the motherland and carry out economic exchanges and cooperation .
to think about the source , we should also establish a national concept of being a chess piece , and handle and protect the two overall situations .
as everyone knows , there is only one china in the world , taiwan is an inalienable part of the chinese territory .
first political commissar of the training class was generally aware of the need to be adjusted . after the reform , the work standards of reserve forces have been high , and the ability to handle the urgent task of making new knowledge and training is facing a new knowledge .
the reform of the internal enterprise 's internal reform is aimed at reforming the personnel , labor distribution system , and the three systems . the purpose is to form a mechanism that can be taken into the workers and personnel who can work out , and the income of the enterprises can be increased .
taiwan compatriots are going to travel from the mainland to taiwan and use similar language to the same language . taiwan compatriots have blood relatives and relatives in the mainland . many taiwan compatriots have to pay homage to mazu every year to worship the chinese nation 's ancestors for the sake of the sake of the chinese nation .
in fact , the problem is not simple .
we hope to make joint efforts with the new side to promote mutually beneficial cooperation between the two countries in the new century and make still greater progress in the new century .
to protect the legitimate religious activities , it is necessary to protect the law ; and to resolutely crack down on the nation and the people , and to ban them according to law .
the chinese government has adhered to the principle of peaceful reunification and expressed the greatest sincerity and hope of taiwan compatriots .
both kim tae - chung and sharon welcomed president jiang zemin on his state visit to israel and expressed his belief that this visit will certainly give new impetus to the development of bilateral relations .
therefore , in the world today , the maintenance of human rights activities in the world can only be carried out under the un approval and leadership of the organization of a regional organization .
in fact , the extreme radical nationalist elements of ishihara are tendency toward the extreme trend of colonialism , and there are no harm to the dprk , the dprk , and the rok , and the people of the three countries .
judging from the situation of using foreign capital in the past three months , china 's utilization of foreign capital has emerged in a trend of recovery in january .
the united states always uses human rights as a pretext to criticize the vast number of developing countries , and china is one of the victims .
these interest groups have forced the congress and government to make bargaining with the congress , and have reflected some interest groups , public opinion , and some media media and media .
if the clinton administration does not put forward china 's human rights issue , the republicans will make an attempt to make a look on this issue and take this as a result of the democratic party .
in addition , some cadres have lost their principle , and they are in contemptible with the leadership and act as well as their efforts to encourage corrupt behaviors .
albright 's visit has made a shocking situation in the internal affairs of various countries .
counties and counties ( cities ) have the conditions to open their administrative affairs .
we can cooperate in many fields and cooperate with them is of great importance to the development and progress of south africa .
he also thanked the south africa government for clearly upholding the one - china principle and for its valuable support for various occasions .
although china and yugoslavia have not established diplomatic relations , bilateral relations have developed rapidly since the establishment of diplomatic relations , the potential of bilateral cooperation is being turned into concrete cooperation .
speaking of the voting results , he said that although he is very close to the vote count of the us congress , he is convinced that the final result will be " smoothly . "
the collective enterprise workers who cannot enjoy old - age pension and unemployment insurance may also enter the minimum subsistence support line .
he said : the 1.2 billion chinese people have the right to speak of the human rights situation in china .
he also answered a reporter 's question on the dprk foreign minister 's visit and the situation on the korean peninsula .
what is the view of the personnel distribution of the new taiwan cabinet ?
from the cities to the frontier , from the barracks of the company and the republic of china , the youth officers and men have shown an unprecedented high enthusiasm of the young officers and men and soldiers , and their study of high - quality activities have been gradually expanded .
the gap between the officers and men in the quality of the quality of the officers and men is historical reasons and social reasons , but the root of our minds , and the thinking of the leaders of some leaders , not to truly establish and prepare for military struggles .
it should be pointed out in particular that while moving toward the expansion of military strength , the militarism forces in japan have become increasingly arrogant .
actively support and develop high - tech industries , ocean technology , medical and medical industries , new materials , environmental protection industries , and other high - tech industries .
we should give play to the role of the association and chamber of commerce .
third , we should increase reform of the methods of teaching .
with the development and level of science and technology , the super - governmental service is very normal . however , it cannot be too low . it is generally more than five years after the service period .
in the course of launching this campaign , all localities should also establish " anti - drug " communities in order to further carry out anti - drug propaganda and education work in anti - narcotics activities .
these opinions are of guiding significance for the study of history of party history research and even all historical scientific research .
the spread of pirated publications seriously hurt the enthusiasm of scientists , artists , and authors and various copyrights of the individual copyrights , and have an overall bearing on the improvement and progress of the national quality .
therefore , this is the reason why chen shui - bian 's faith in and experience in political operation and some public opinion on the island of taiwan .
the advanced nature of the party determines the advanced nature of our army .
chen xiaojin : china 's accession to the wto is both opportunities and challenges .
ishihara has always advocated china 's split and has wildly advocated that china should become six countries .
the satellite station is expected to officially write a mistake next july .
from the 1980 s , the united states suffered strong challenges and competitiveness , and the economy was in a state of decline .
zhang qiyue pointed out that the chinese side always maintains the " five - year " principle is the most fundamental principle for guiding the development of relations between the countries and countries .
therefore , we should vigorously encourage leading cadres to do ideological and political work .
some comrades also held that in wartime , joint logistics service should also be done in the past .
experts and scholars stressed that peace is the fundamental interests of the people on both sides of the strait , but peaceful direction must be china 's reunification .
on the other hand , we should look at the problem of a small and isolated island and on the other hand , and will eventually end up with long - term tasks .
the grain production structure is the focus of the adjustment of the agricultural structure .
the tax collection of porkers from the local authorities has been subject to the collection of crops , and some towns and towns have been released according to people 's indignation .
article 9 : enhancing the quality of cultural and educational exchanges in the 21 st century , intellectual and human resources are the greatest resource of resources , and the key factors for the development of the country .
third , with the development of the social economy and the improvement of the people 's living standards , the current situation of the insurance industry is far from meeting the development of insurance demand .
sovereignty is the fundamental precondition for realizing human rights , and observing the principle of equality and non - interference in the internal affairs of a country is an important cornerstone for ensuring the healthy development of international human rights cause .
there is no way out for retrogression .
this reporter asked a political commentator , saying that " if it is clearly aware of its nature , it is not necessary to have an ordinary understanding of it . "
the police officers also stepped up patrol patrol patrol patrol patrol personnel as a target , and apart from each other on two occasions , they should also report the situation on the spot .
therefore , annan proposed to link " non - governmental " with the united nations and to give play to the role of non - governmental organizations in handling international affairs , and stressed the role of people 's nongovernmental organizations and non - governmental organizations .
why is it quite familiar with taiwan compatriots ? this is it impossible to use force without any means of using force .
looking back over the past 20 years and more , cross - strait relations have made great headway . this shows that under the concept of china , there are still many fields of communication , and many areas are prone to communication and promote the people 's demand and the road to go through .
for a long time , taiwan 's exports have mainly been concentrated on the united states , and the united states has not been high in the trade surplus for a long time . therefore , the united states has constantly used 301 " money to put pressure on taiwan and forced taiwan to increase its value .
leading cadres take the lead in practicing the important thinking of " three represents " and the most important idea of strengthening ideals and convictions , and regard building socialism with chinese characteristics as the common ideal and goal of realizing communism , as a long - term belief and pursuit of life .
as a result , tung chee - hwa 's hope of the people was 50.19 percent from march to end , and the fall of the 21.9 percent , which was as high as as an average of 6.2.2 percent , and was the lowest since his inauguration .
if we go against this big day , we will make a lot of efforts to expand our space for survival , and the result is that the united states is like the same as the south , and we can go out to move out .
dai xianglong , chairman of the china securities regulatory commission , and ma yongwei , chairman of the china securities regulatory commission , spoke one after another .
however , since the central committee arrangements for 209 countries and 22 provinces and municipalities in 1992 , the reservoir area has a huge amount of support funds for the three gorges reservoir area .
russia 's sudden nuclear disarmament offensive by russia has made the united states too much more than ever - isolated , and the nmd program is also " a target " for " thousands of people . "
this is a general law of the natural circle and the human rights law .
the focus of the non - tariff barriers caused by trade disputes in the past , especially the differences between plant and animal quarantine .
these erroneous ideas are not proletarian thinking and influence cannot be viewed .
as long as all quarters continue to conscientiously implement the central policy decisions and arrangements , the national economy will certainly maintain a good development momentum .
this is a red army regiment .
hong kong , 8 jun (zts) - - sun yun - su - su , honorary chairman of the kmt , and taiwan 's association of taiwan compatriots , recently went to heilongjiang province to attend the 80 th anniversary of the harbin industrial university of harbin industrial university , and will return to shandong 's old home .
harbin industrial university was founded in 1926 , and zhang xliang was once appointed director of the board of the university .
with economic development and improvement of the people 's living standards , the demand for electricity will be continually increased .
both sides are satisfied with the cooperation between the two countries in the last year and indicated that they will promote the development of the strategic partnership between the two countries in the new century .
in response to a reporter 's relevant question , she said that china 's minister of industry was shocked by the news that the minister of sri lanka was killed .
to implement the strategic principle of strengthening the army with science and technology and training through science and technology , the navy 's air unit decided to organize the air - raid training under a certain unit of the air force .
the province will also set up a number of key key projects for the people 's air defense projects , so as to double the total number of civil air defense projects .
we should earnestly strengthen the management of existing water resources , highlight the focal points , rational control , and scientific water .
in order to control the " falungong " practitioners from mental control , li hongzhi did not care about their healthy and life and fully demonstrated the evil nature of " falungong " and ignored the evil nature of the lives of the " falungong .
he reiterated that the yugoslav parliament upholds the one - china principle and highly appraised the chinese government 's principled stand and policy on resolving the taiwan issue .
although the two sides of the strait have not yet been reunified , china 's territory and sovereignty have not been separated , and there is still one china .
li peng briefed the guests on china 's reform , opening up , and economic construction , stressing that building an important experience of building socialism with chinese characteristics is an important experience that must be correctly handled and developed and stable .
they are the chinese people 's good daughter and are proud of the chinese press . we must turn our grief into our strength and build our motherland well . "
a war of kosovo launched by the us - led nato in the past year will be reviewed today and some profound enlightenment will be further enlightened .
on the contrary , the western allies of the united states expressed their support for the anti - ballistic missile program , they also expressed serious concern over the development and deployment of the united states in the past or in the negotiations .
ladies and gentlemen : as the arrival of the new century , china will enter a new development stage of building a well - off society and advancing toward the basic modernization drive .
according to reports , kim chong - il said that the summit " has created a very good precedent . "
however , the technological progress has not become the main motive force for raising production rate .
syria 's economic base is weak , and natural resources are not short .
after the party central committee and the red army arrived in the changjiang long - term march , he resolutely supported comrade mao zedong 's correct leadership , conscientiously safeguarded the authority of the party central committee , and carried out all the decisions of the party and made a lot of work in strengthening the internal unity of the red army .
in late may , lee teng - hui 's " taiwan proposal " published a book and advocated the " seven - state theory . "
the mountains and mountains of the shan were important sources of water .
after that , the science and technology of the past made the most facts have proved this irrefutable truth .
this is not easy to judge the question , and what should we be prepared to be to be to a degree ?
wen jiabao pointed out : drought and drought have always affected the serious troubles that have affected china 's economic and social development and the people 's livelihood , and the influence of drought on agricultural production is particularly prominent .
editor 's note : attaching importance to ideological and political construction is a unique advantage of our party and the armed forces .
developing sino - slovak relations is one of the key points in the foreign policy .
we affirmed and appreciate this .
although corrupt elements only account for a small number of party members , they seriously tarnished the image of the party and the government in the masses , affected the relations between the party and the people , and undermined the overall situation of reform and development .
the state administration of industry and commerce recently made comprehensive arrangements for the entire country , concentrated efforts , and dealt severely with pyramid marketing and disguised pyramid marketing activities .
britain , which took the incident of more than 50 human smuggling , was especially serious because of the loopholes in the law , human smuggling of human snakes in britain has become more and more serious .
lin lin went to the potato to ease the country 's residence for residence in penghu .
for example , a enterprises are trying to produce products and pursue capital . the key lies in the choice of enterprises ' own interests , and if enterprises are in the internal operation , they will not be able to " go out " to " go out " and " go out " to go out .
experts believe that china needs anti - monopoly law , which is a majority of people , including the government consensus .
at the same time , china opposes official figures in any country and regions to meet the dalai lama lama in any capacity and provide them with them .
it is learned that the exercise will be a series of military exercises held in the pacific region this year .
military education and national education are many things in the military education and national education . "
( 5 ) major assets transfer and sales of their own assets ; 5 .
kostov warmly welcomed premier zhu rongji 's visit to bulgaria .
development is the last word , and the key to china 's settlement of all problems lies in relying on its own development .
during the cold war period , the world pattern was formed in the two major camps of the east and west .
if his current visit to north korea can become a peaceful and friendly exchange and cooperation on the korean peninsula , and the first path for realizing the reunification of the motherland is very gratified .
after the cold war ended , the overall situation in the world was tending to ease , but conflicts between local wars and regions have continued to escalate .
what is this that is the use of husty hats and selling ?
the " opinion " points out that the military participated in and supporting the development of the western region is a long - term strategic task .
judging from the overall history of the party , there are several kinds of historical experiences that are worthy of attention : whether a political party is equipped with advanced nature , first , it is necessary to look at its program and its members .
accomplishing these tasks cannot be separated from scientific development and progress .
beijing 's political circles believe that because the united states is favoring chen shui - bian , sino - us relations will not make a big breakthrough in the future . china will make preparations for the deterioration of the situation in the economy and economy .
the " diplomatic " that money bought is not solid .
in a short period of three months , more than 30 people died in the jiang gate and shocked the people .
at the same time , the heads of state of china , tajikistan , kyrgyzstan , and kyrgyzstan will jointly sign a agreement on the border demarcation between the three countries .
there are great potential for economic cooperation between tajikistan and china .
this year marks the 30 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and italy . at this important moment , premier zhu rongji will begin his official visit to italy on 5 july .
small towns and towns are the product of economic and social development , and do a good job in building small towns and towns is also conducive to economic and social development .
our party came from the people and rooted in the people .
karimov said that he often recalled the scenes of meeting president jiang zemin during his visit to china last year .
so long as we recognize the one - china principle , we welcome it .
of course , it is horrible to be .
on the morning of 6 june , president jiang zemin paid a wreath at the monument to the heroic monument of the war of the country and joined hands with the neutrality .
this is the crime of the barbaric act of the us - led nato and the nature of hegemonism in the face of the people of the world .
some leaders of the six countries and congressmen have visited china in recent years . they highly appraised china 's political stability , economic development , and national unity . they hope that further expand exchanges and visits between the two countries will allow more people to know more about china .
the budgets of the state council have taken a turn in the management of the budget , and have been raised to a new improvement in the level of the financial resources .
we should comprehensively clean up the revenue and expenditure situation of the budget units , and rationally formulate the standards and standards of various departments , provide the basis for the implementation of the budget budget , and provide a solid foundation for the reform of the budget .
we have abundant natural and human resources , and we can build our own country well .
however , it is necessary to recognize that the return of the motherland and " one country , two systems " is a new matter . without a precedent , it is impossible to go down to be accomplished one step by step .
now , the united states has completely placed the progress of international disarmament and arms control and has persisted in developing the missile defense system and revising the abm treaty . this will bring a dangerous danger to the international disarmament process and arms control process .
to strengthen the building of spiritual civilization under the new situation , we must do a good job in the community 's efforts to establish community communities through in depth and carry out the activities of building civilized communities so as to ensure that spiritual civilization is carried out in all grassroots organizations .
therefore , when amending the amendment , it is necessary to pay attention to strengthening supervision of judges and procurators , and establish an effective mechanism for internal constraint against corruption .
premier zhu and his entourage arrived here on the evening of 9 july after concluding his official visit to italy , and began to pay an official visit to belgium and the eu headquarters .
the forum was presided over by zhu lilan , minister of science and technology .
it is understood that several american manufacturers will share the arms sales of $ 6 billion .
he stressed that principal responsible persons of various localities and departments should personally work in their posts , personally arrange and organize the work of major inspection , and work in charge of the work of the leadership of the region and industries .
as for those who use child , they should be severely punished , especially those who cause casualties , and individuals , they should be punished according to law .
however , it is also the first place that the " faithfully represents " and " faithfully represents " and put forward the " three represents " not only in the history of our party 's history , but also the first marxist theory on party building .
the historical theme of this stage is how to resolve two issues of how to change the socialist and construction of socialism .
we will further understand the importance of the " three represents . "
tibet 's cultural development is an ironclad fact - - a scholar from the china research center of tibet studies and a number of chinese national culture in tibet .
all countries visited and the european union all expressed their strong desire to further expand economic and trade cooperation with china .
- - increase mutual understanding and expanding consensus .
the industrial and commercial circles introduced china 's economic and answered questions , and continued to applause applause .
developing sino - eu relations is one of the key points in china 's foreign policy .
xu kuangdi also briefed the american guests on shanghai 's recent economic and social development .
china must make the commitments that wto accession will be observed in the wto rules and gradually open its market .
these good experiences have laid a solid foundation for us to open up new realms of the cadre personnel system , opening up new prospects , and achieve new breakthroughs .
at the same time , the " falungong " attempted to rely on the western hostile forces to exert pressure on china .
the quality of bilateral trade cooperation has also been gradually enhanced . the two countries have started some large cooperation projects in energy , microeconomic , telecommunications , and commodity flow .
while a small number of soccer fans took place in trouble , they must resolutely handle it according to law and quickly stop it .
after the end of the cold war , russia only had to develop relations with the rok , causing russia to drop its relations in the end , and in addition to russia 's economic deterioration , it is not easy to aid the dprk and russia to continue to decline .
the two - month - long anti - smuggling special action began in april 2000 is now being launched in fujian .
the direct battlefield of the gulf war was iraq and regions , but the expansion of the war was from the arab region , and the hard struggle of war was the people in the region .
russia attaches great importance to the development of relations with china and strengthening cooperation in various fields . it is believed that both sides are fully capable of promoting bilateral economic and trade relations .
zhu bangzao made the above remarks when answering their relevant issues .
time is to take the initiative to " rapidly report the present position of all units . "
the ratio of the size of the solely state - owned commercial banks was 7.8 percent , and other commercial banks were ready to pay a total of 19.1 percent . they were all able to maintain a relatively high payment .
on 1 july , frank hsieh publicly stated to the taiwan media that " taiwan and the mainland still have not changed the foundation of the same country 's territory , " and " xiamen and kaohsiung should belong to a state . "
it is also planned to visit the trip from 18 to 20 july .
if other countries are willing to provide rocket weapons to the dprk , the dprk even is willing to conduct peaceful research on foreign technology .
the improvement of the illness and the improvement of the illness is the result of treatment .
on 27 june , frank hsieh once again expressed the desire of the taiwan media to visit xiamen .
responsible comrades of relevant departments of the state council and the 12 provinces ( autonomous regions , cities , and municipalities ) are responsible for the work of transportation and transportation work in the western region , and the traffic department of traffic departments ( cities ) in various provinces and municipalities ) .
tang jiaxuan said : as the two largest developing countries in the world , china and india are not only similar historical experience but also share the common task of developing the economy and improving the people 's living standards .
however , when the public security vehicles arrived in the underground gambling house , the people had been waiting for the air .
fraudulent practice cannot but but but but but but but lies in the blind alley of a blind eye and spreading of a big life . people of kind of kind are often confused by the people .
after two years of efforts , the work of extricating themselves from difficulties has made important progress . more than half of the year , the work of extricating state - owned enterprises from difficulties has been made .
" we should rein in in the precipice ! "
developing cross - strait relations under the one - china principle is the urgent desire of the entire chinese people , including taiwan compatriots , and is also an irreversible historical trend .
ge lian lianxiang said : china has yielded tremendous results in cracking down on smuggling and the policy of the party central committee and the state council to crack down on smuggling .
the chinese side thanked belarus for its consistent support on the taiwan issue and human rights issues .
marx pointed out : " the thinking of ruling the dominant position is precisely a manifestation of the material relationship of ruling the dominant position . "
war by americans is a modern war of high - tech warfare , and it needs a powerful economy to be guaranteed .
jiang zemin said : not long ago , the united states and palestine failed to reach an agreement on the ultimate status of palestine , and we are deeply aware of this .
new york , 29 jul (zts) - - us permanent representative to the united nations said that president clinton and president jiang zemin talks are one of the most important agenda for the summit meeting of the un millennium summit in september .
in february this year , russia and the dprk formally signed the " russia - dprk treaty of good neighborly and cooperative relations " in pyongyang . they replaced the soviet union in january 1961 and signed the " soviet union treaty on friendship and cooperation " in 1995 .
we highly value the positive role played by the group in regional and international affairs .
we must always use the " three represents " thinking , enhance our understanding , resolutely resist the corrosive of various erroneous ideas , and unswervingly safeguard the party 's absolute leadership over the military , and forever be loyal to the party , the people , and the socialist party .
" looking at the people 's minds , it is very easy to make a pack . "
in the second half of the 20 th century , economic globalization can hardly be expected to be expected to be rapidly promoted and the economic exchange and dependence between the countries and countries have become increasingly important .
economic globalization includes trade liberalization , integration , production integration , and financial internationalization .
from their strategic analysis , the so - called " decisive battle offshore " means to push the battlefield to the west , and from taiwan to the taiwan strait , even to the mainland .
after chen shui - bian was elected , he proposed " the one - china theory " and then put forward his inaugural speech , and he also proposed " what kind of one china " in his inaugural speech .
renmin ribao has introduced the channels of channels such as finance , finance , health , and healthy views .
he stressed that the one - china principle is a principle , and we will not make any concession .
not long ago , we visited the united states , and they had an immediate impression on it .
in addition , a certain crisis in taiwan 's taiwan financial crisis also affected the confidence of investors .
in his inaugural speech on 20 may , chen shui - bian publicly declared that " there is no question of abolishing the national unification guidelines and the national unification council . "
first , the united states ' performance in the un millennium summit in new york was the first time the united states - - the chinese literature and art organizations at the un general assembly in new york , the first time the chinese literature and art organizations of the chinese nation , and the indian ocean .
jiang zemin said : although china and samoa are not in the same area , they have different levels of social systems and traditions , and have all along shoulder the tasks of safeguarding state sovereignty and territorial integrity and enhancing the people 's living standards .
he said : the current tax collection law has entrusted the law to be enforced by taxation organs .
the two countries have also carried out close cooperation in international and regional affairs .
in the inspection , we should also pay attention to summing up the experiences of various localities and departments in implementing the law on criminal procedure and discover good examples .
in some localities , to launch war , they would not hesitate to resist the wealth of other countries , plunder the wealth of other countries , and to save people , and to bring untold sufferings to the people .
second , seriously investigate and handle the outstanding problems that have affected social stability and public order , promptly handling contradictions among the contradictions and disputes among the people , and prevent the intensification of contradictions and contradictions .
qian qichen expressed his condolences and cordial solicitude for the recent losses of taiwan 's people and property losses .
the specific management methods for the patent institutions shall be stipulated by the state council . "
before the visit , the right and wrong were not allowed , and the trip was an important one in taiwan and the small number of hours of less than 20 hours .
in light of some media reports raised by us religious circles , cao shengjie , vice president of the china christian council , said that she did not know the specific situation in the report , but nobody could approve the religious belief in china because of the fact that there was no one .
the meeting examined and approved the bill on increasing the number of additional treasury bonds for the long - term construction bonds of the state council , which increased the input and adjustment of fixed assets in 2000 .
leading members should closely link the masses with the masses , improve their work style , and conduct education in the frontline , and solve practical problems in the course of teaching , and bring into play the important role of teaching and promoting the work of teaching and developing the schools .
zhang quanjing said : comrade jiang zemin pointed out : the secretaries of higher learning should strive to become socialist politicians and educate students .
this 430,000 characters said that in 1997 , the publication of a total of 10 million copies of the publication of the publication was greatly affected .
this is because the film is close to reality and has a direct social contradictions and responsibilities . in the course of the struggle between the film and the law , there are a sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - style and chist chist chist chase and - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - a color people who have a color color color color
in response to the question of what attitude the chinese religious circles ' attitude toward the government 's banning of " falungong , " master shi , said : " falungong " has caused 1,600 deaths and has no harm to drugs .
on the morning of 23 august , renmin ribao , director of the people 's daily , and deputy chief of the renmin ribao center , accompanied wu li jian , deputy director of the network center of the network center of the association of network , visited the " people 's network " and congratulated the people 's first time .
on 4 january , the dprk established diplomatic relations with italy , thus enabling italy to become a european union with denmark , finland , and sweden after the sixth of the normalization of relations between the dprk and the dprk , the first largest western countries to establish diplomatic relations with the dprk .
beijing , 28 aug ( xinhua ) - - the news weekly , sponsored by the " press conference , " published today , published a signed article entitled " the two days of aggression . "
the meeting has comprehensively analyzed the trend of china 's population aging , summed up experiences in the work of elderly people , and further defined the guiding ideology , principles , principles , and work targets for the elderly , and made a success of the work of old - age work .
luo gan stressed : the localities and relevant departments should seriously study the methods of investigating and investigating contradictions and disputes , continuously sum up experiences , work out measures , and stress actual results , and effectively carry out this work for a long time .
the chinese government will continue to pursue a policy of friendship toward japan .
villagers reported that the village cadres involved in village affairs , such as zhou tienong , and village affairs , were involved in village affairs , and village cadres . they were detained by public security departments .
he has visited china many times and has been actively working for friendly exchanges between the two countries , especially exchanges and cooperation in the cultural field .
this is precisely a problem that the vast number of developing countries are worried about .
he personally visited two ordinary families , and saw their happiness , happy life , and tranquility , and also enjoyed the social security of the government . this left a profound impression on him .
he held that socialist countries need to vigorously develop productive forces , and only with other countries to achieve peaceful coexistence can they achieve this goal .
during his visit to cuba in august , he also signed bilateral protection and promotion agreements with cuban foreign investment and economic cooperation minister to promote investment . representatives of the two sides also had talks with bilateral trade exchanges .
to support the support of the separatist elements of the nation , he has made every effort to expand his " international space " and block china 's reunification , and in a vain to split china forever .
therefore , as of 2015 , there are more than $ 6 billion in three stages .
jiang chunyun stressed that comrade jiang zemin pointed out the " foundation " and the extreme importance of doing a good job in the basic work of grass - roots units .
now , china 's foreign trade is 9 th in the world , while the scale of its economy is seventh in the world .
in his speech at the opening ceremony , li yunfan pointed out : the chinese nation is a big family , and the traditional tradition of the same culture will bring us with blood and harmony with the same character .
the international community immediately expressed extensive understanding of the dprk 's response , and the united states ' abnormal action was criticized .
the court sentenced wang jin ruchao to death and deprived of political rights for life and confiscated 20 million yuan of property . in order to be sentenced to 15 years , the court sentenced to the crime of hu changqing , and sentenced the defendant liu xirong to 150,000 yuan .
the three countries signed a joint defense agreement on 12 march 1929 , which was signed on 12 september 19 , namely , the three baltic sea treaties .
the practice of reform and opening up has enabled people to realize the real interests and benefits brought about by socialism from the tremendous changes in society , and from the improvement of the economy and the improvement of life .
colleges and universities are areas that train talented people , and have a major bearing on the future and development of our military . in studying and practicing the important thinking of the " three represents , " they must have a higher standard and requirements .
swedish foreign minister anna lida reiterated that the european union will continue to adhere to the one - china policy .
the dprk hopes that the cpc and the chinese people will be better in handling china 's affairs according to their own national conditions and wishes .
tang jiaxuan said : these consensus is of important guiding significance for our work and should be effectively implemented .
chairman li peng has treasured his old friend and has also reached many new friends . we are pleased to see that chairman li peng is very happy to have diplomatic relations .
it was until today that they were still full of bias and distortions and even slandered china .
without a stable social environment , xinjiang will be unable to implement it .
the beijing military bureau has established a regional cooperation zone , and has moved out a benign cycle of manufacturing products for military products .
if the war breaks out in the taiwan strait , sea transportation will certainly be attacked , and the foreign trade and economic development will certainly be seriously affected . many industrial production departments will stop production and go down to the whole economy .
the entire proposal for reducing the sentences and approving the public is in the process of open examination and approval .
they are aimed at delay and obstructing the bill , thereby undermining sino - us relations .
because township enterprises recruited employment capacity is relatively reduced , and there are greater difficulties in increasing the employment pressure of towns and towns , agricultural labor will be shifted to non - agricultural production , and the pressure of employment in rural areas will be intensified .
this is the reason why some western missionaries have link with the imperialist aggression and the opium resistance .
these important expositions made by chairman jiang have provided scientific grounds for strengthening ideological and political education in the new situation and clearly pointed out the correct direction .
the research class was jointly sponsored by the cpc central committee and the national defense commission .
guo dongpo , director of the state council office of overseas chinese affairs , shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , and wang mengkui , director of the state council development research center , were present at the meeting .
second , the methods of the us aircraft carrier launching cruise missiles in coastal waters have also been able to achieve marked results .
the fixed telecommunications network and mobile communications network are second in the world and third in the world .
although the eastern and western parts of the east have been in a period of time , the position of both sides in russia is almost equal .
chen ming - ming urged all units to popularize advanced units through this meeting and promote the experience of the advanced units of the provincial military district in order to comprehensively strengthen the construction of party branches of the provincial military units and promote various work in various fields .
this shows that china 's foreign economic and trade trade have gradually moved out the shadow of the asian financial crisis and entered a track of rapid growth .
the civil air defense system needs to be a complex and complicated system , and it is not only a few " air defense shelter " but also a large air defense system , and how can the people of northeast china establish and develop the air defense system ?
the rate of the public air defense sirens in the region has reached 100 percent , and the air defense system has gradually moved into more means and more networks have developed .
yu guojun , member of the standing committee of the provincial party committee and director of the provincial public security department , delivered a report on the work of law enforcement in the province since 1998 .
by the end of this year , several dozen score objectives on the work of the people living standards of urban and rural areas in the ninth five - year plan will be realized .
we must strengthen the building of the press contingent , build professional , and work style .
leading cadres at all levels , especially principal responsible comrades of party and government , must seriously draw lessons from the cheng kejie case , and regard upholding democratic centralism and self - criticism and self - criticism to a high degree of political importance .
to severely punish and punish corruption , we must truly achieve the following points : first , we must resolutely implement it .
washington , 30 sep ( xinhua ) - - the second china cultural festival was raised at the us capital on 30 september .
the delegates also expressed the hope that the vatican will change its erroneous china policy and will not create new obstacles to the improvement of sino - vatican relations .
the cosospu , 16.74 ( 044888 ) , all of the names of the whole side , and the other people of spain went to china in 16444 to go to china .
wang yingfan pointed out that developed countries should further open up the market to developing countries and make official development aid to the developing countries as early as possible to reach the target of the gnp , and comprehensively solve the problem of foreign debt in developing countries .
the olympic athletes are the glory of the motherland and the motherland are proud of this outstanding sons and daughters !
only by doing so can we produce enormous forces and ensure that " strictly administering officials " is done .
in the future , there is still any confidence in the government .
it is of course that we can also consider from another angle .
many local residents also hold that " falungong " exercises are a lie in the people , and this is purely tool for political struggle .
this means that one 's brain can " get rich first . "
he stressed that this forum is a major event in the history of sino - african relations , and it is of great significance to promoting the development of sino - african relations in the new century .
sino - japanese economic and trade cooperation in the 21 st century have a good prospect for development .
algeria 's independence and construction have been sincerely helping china .
li peng said : china and the angola are geographically far apart , but they are very close to each other .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , and deng xiaoping have repeatedly stressed the responsibility of war on several occasions that the japanese people are not the victims of the japanese people .
ambassador said that during president jiang 's visit to japan in late 1998 , china and japan signed 33 cooperative projects , including political , economic , trade , trade , science and technology , globalization , and regions .
the formation of warships flew forward forward .
he pointed out that at present , there are serious shortage of water in the north , the party central committee and the state council are very concerned about this .
we advocate the principle of " one country , two systems " and peaceful reunification , not to change the existing system of taiwan and the way of life of the people .
tokyo , 14 oct (zxs) - - chinese premier zhu rongji accepted television interview in tokyo today .
these achievements were not easily made by the hard work of the hard struggle and hard work of several generations of teachers and students of the people 's university .
the proportion of the revenue in the gdp rose from 10.7 percent in 1995 to 13.9 percent in 1999 , and it is expected that in 2000 , the proportion of 14.5 percent of the gdp was basically increased by 14.5 percent , and the results were very gratifying .
he said : china has a long history and a brilliant culture .
the " red army " tanks " hit the smoke of gunpowder smoke and carried a stubborn attack against the enemy . they suddenly broke away from the enemy 's enemy 's enemy 's enemy 's enemy 's battle .
the overall living standards of the chinese people have reached a comfortably well - off life , and this is an amazing event .
third , contents are rich and diverse .
he said : china hopes that these countries will proceed from the overall situation of safeguarding bilateral relations and cooperation with china , fully understand the seriousness and harm of lee teng - hui 's visit , and earnestly fulfill the " one china " commitment .
( 2 ) vigorously promote the continuous strengthening and expansion of asia - europe cooperation between asia and europe .
since last year , the situation in the korean peninsula and its surrounding areas continued to change , and this will help increase the factors of the readjustment of relations between relevant countries .
at the end of last year , taiwan vice president lien chan also said that taiwan would develop in the course of developing china and long - range missiles .
according to plans , the new exhibition accounts for 300,000 square meters , and the construction of 20 million square meters , and the first phase of the year 2001 , the first project will be completed .
next year , china will open the three mini - links , and it will certainly go to the other side of the strait .
future high - tech wars will no longer be a confrontation between a single combat system and a single weapon system , but the system , systems , and systems .
china is now in the historical period of industrial restructuring , duplicate construction , irrational industrial structure , and some mining resources , and so on , the problem of laid - off workers is even more conspicuous .
without a stable political and social environment , everything is out of the question and will be out of the plan .
all this has made the united states an urgent move to increase relations with the dprk .
basing on the current situation , we should focus on the future , advance ahead of the work , and step up planning and specific guidance of the plan , and carry out the large - scale development of the country .
other projects of china 's maritime satellite receiving systems are also under construction .
continuing to strengthen and develop friendship between the dprk and china conforms to the fundamental interests of the two peoples and is of great significance to safeguarding peace and security in asia and the world .
beijing , 26 oct ( xinhua ) - - the state council held a televised conference today to conduct joint operations on the current problems of selling and selling fake and shoddy products and selling fake and shoddy products .
they said that china 's changes have not only aroused the strong interest of them but also made them feel their inspiring and because china 's economic development is an important contribution to world economic development .
only by continually carrying out reform and carrying out judicial practice can we solve the problems that have encountered in judicial practice and establish the judicial system with chinese characteristics .
he said : although there have been many changes in the world since the past half century , relations between china and the united states have always been maintaining smoothly and stable development .
hu jintao fully affirmed the important role of the cross - strait women exchange activity in promoting cross - strait economic and cultural cooperation and enhancing mutual understanding and consensus between the people on both sides of the strait .
in his congratulatory message to the congress , wu yi said : the current session is an event of the chinese government departments and the un development program in promoting modern materials and developing e - commerce in china .
however , chen shui - bian told me that " i am not so far . "
wei jianxing also spoke positively of the exchanges and cooperation between the chinese and mongolian parliaments , and hoped that both sides will conduct more fruitful exchanges and continue to make efforts to promote the development of bilateral relations .
the amendment stipulates : " the state encourages and guide returned overseas chinese and overseas chinese dependants to invest in production according to law , especially the establishment of high - tech enterprises , should give support to the law and protect their legitimate rights and interests . "
during his visit to russia , chairman li peng pointed out that the economies of china and russia are strongly complementary and potential potential . they should truly achieve the material foundation for the strategic cooperation partnership between the two sides through economic and trade cooperation .
the " foot of this " door " has finally emerged in the outcome of chen shui - bian himself himself and his own hope .
moreover , the republicans have a considerable influence on the business circles of the republican party and also have a difficult hope to maintain friendly relations with the chinese communists and promote trade and investment activities between the two sides .
the overall development of the world requires the strengthening of mutual dialogues and contacts between various countries and to enhance mutual understanding and understanding .
science and technology development not only involves natural science and engineering technology but also social sciences .
the speech ended , and many people were still trying to talk about the " unity , stability , and prosperity " in the speech .
lin liguo said that the so - called diversification is only a pretext , and he does not hope that he will stay in the office of the office of the news agency .
gu jinchi , vice chairman of the npc civil affairs committee , expressed the hope that the participants would take part in the work of taking part in local law enforcement in line with the actual conditions of local law and further implement the organic law of villagers committees .
he said : over the past 50 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between finland and china , relations between the two countries have been developing continuously .
after the disintegration of the cold war in the soviet union and eastern europe , the cold war pattern of asia has not disappeared .
strengthening the good - neighborly friendship between china and laos is in line with the fundamental interests of the peoples of the two countries .
the migrants should adopt the method of developing migrants and developing them , and they should pay attention to their long - term plan for future development .
( 2 ) on the line of the day , the transmission line , and the transmission line of the tower are a frightened and frightened pitches around 500 meters , and the south will be burned .
chi haotian first conveyed chairman li peng 's sincere regards and best wishes to the buganan and asked president jiang zemin to convey his cordial regards and best wishes to algerian president bouteflika .
bush was published on the evening of the same day . he refused to give gore a proposal .
qiu xiaohua held that the consumption of consumption in the first three quarters was expected to be 9.9.9 percent , and many of the government 's wages and salaries were also extended to the level of the government 's residence and the standard of the labor support line for the urban support lines , and the relevant reform of housing reform .
the chinese side is also willing to maintain good coordination and cooperation with brunei as always .
in the " declaration " published in 1926 , sun yuxi said : " china is a unified country . this point has firmly held the sense of history in china . this is precisely because we can only be considered as a country . "
we should fully understand the importance of the " three stresses " education in colleges and universities , and actively do a good job in ideological and political work in order to bring into the requirements of the " three represents " into the new century , and to comprehensively enhance our ideological awareness and understanding and to effectively overcome the ideological awareness of every colleges and universities .
the famc shall formulate a management method for managing assets by the finance department .
kuwait is a big oil production country , and china is willing to establish long - term friendly cooperative relations with india in the oil field , and further expand cooperation in the economic and trade , oil , and other fields .
second , we should strengthen the building of water - saving facilities and promote water - saving technology .
in the areas where water is hit by floods , the masses should organize the masses to rush to repair the water conservancy project , and build water conservancy projects inundated inundated inundated , and do a good job in preventing dangerous reservoirs .
leaders of asean countries warmly welcomed zhu rongji 's speech and agreed with premier zhu rongji 's positive appraisal on china - asean relations . they expressed satisfaction over the progress of the development of bilateral relations in the past year and expressed their heartfelt thanks to zhu rongji for the proposal of cooperation among asean countries .
the so - called " three - directional " cross - party group holds : the " three - party group " is the first one - china principle .
senior officials of the ministry of defense and the general staff headquarters have revealed that even several hundred new machines , including new equipment , and radio and television , can not be affected .
first , they will not be able to obtain the agreement of allies , second , the economic relations between china and the united states have developed to this degree , and this will not be detrimental to the united states .
she pointed out that aziz expressed the hope that china will continue to play an important role in a just and reasonable solution to the iraqi issue .
the arats will offer the verbal expression in the sef 's verbal statement in this letter and as the contents of the consensus reached between the two sides .
the whole party should conscientiously sum up and deepen the understanding of the laws governing economic work , and , under the conditions of developing a socialist market economy and expanding the opening up of the outside world , constantly enhance the leadership level and control of the economy .
tang jiaxuan also conveyed president jiang 's invitation to visit china at a convenient time next year .
the contingent of professional business operators and the inherent motive force of this company , and regarded the withdrawal of enterprises from the market as the duty of safeguarding the interests of the company and fulfilling all their responsibilities .
first , we should focus on improving the quality of rural grassroots cadres .
now , what should we do ? " what should you start in the future ? "
they listened to the great interest of the deputies .
to help peasants solve the actual difficulties in production and operation , they do a good job in doing a family , and do a good job in doing a good job in doing a good job in doing a good job in the work of peasants ' economic development .
he said : china and armenia support each other in the international organization , and cooperate with each other and maintain good cooperative relations .
jiang zemin stressed that only in the new century can we persist in developing the most extensive patriotic united front of our party , unite all the sons and daughters of the chinese nation , and achieve the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
in terms of clothing , food , housing , entertainment , and entertainment , food , food , clothing , and clothing , consumption of transportation , transportation , and entertainment , the growing consumption of entertainment and entertainment services gradually became hot spots for residents .
the federal assembly of the 17 th on the afternoon of 6 july rejected the appeal of the republican party on the afternoon of 6 july , and proposed that the republican party should not acknowledge the appeal of florida 's manual vote count .
today , the chinese people , including chinese writers , enjoy the right and freedom of all kinds of legal support , including freedom and freedom of speech and creation .
he predicted that the total volume of imports and exports of the whole country this year will reach $ 4,5 billion this year , and it is estimated that the growth rate will reach 25 percent .
according to a beijing source , beijing recently held a enlarged meeting of the central military commission , which ended yesterday .
the asian financial crisis brought a profound lesson to people , and the more small bank is , the more difficult it is to resist the wind .
the central government firmly implements the " one country , two systems " principle and supports the macao sar government 's administration according to law .
li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , li lanqing , and other central leading comrades have also inspected urban community construction in various parts of the country .
various experimental districts have actively explored and summed up many good experiences .
during the 10 th five - year plan period , china will launch 30 satellites , including telecommunications satellites , navigation satellites , meteorological satellites , remote sensing satellites , space - remote sensing satellites , and space - satellite satellite .
in the last seven months , the dprk 's battlefield was 120 times , and flight was more than 50 times . it was the first time of the united states ' air force to launch a trial of strength and created amazing battle results .
fifth , it is necessary to strengthen the participation of the source and increase the intensity of macroeconomic protection .
in particular , the agreement on the beijing - kunming railway will bring about great vitality to the north and south of the south , and will be of great significance to developing north - south economic cooperation and building the north - south asia - europe " bridge " in the region .
the voters are paying more attention to their domestic policy on interests , such as taxation , social welfare , medical care , education , and education . therefore , bush did not take care of bush or gore in his election campaign , and did not give priority to his policy toward china .
of course , the new administration will still be able to take any specific policy toward president bush in the final analysis . at present , it will be difficult to cut down the new administration 's foreign policy .
it is understood that after the military and political military orders , the procedures for the operation of the military officers of the state military have been done for the purpose of the chief of the general staff of the military and the defense department of defense .
this fully shows that the people of macao can not only manage macao but also better than the past .
however , with the first meeting of the lee yuan - tse - ts 's first group of the inter - party group in december 2 , he proposed returning to the consensus of the 1992 consensus , and his proposal aroused the attention of the mainland .
the economic growth rate of developed countries is 4.2 percent , and the growth of the developing countries is 3.6 percent , and the economic growth rate of the european economy is 3.5 percent , 6.7 percent , 6.7 percent , and africa 's economic growth rate is 6 percent , and the economic growth rate of the latin america and the economic growth rate is 4 percent .
at 09000 hours this afternoon , accompanied by the macao sar chief executive edmund ho hau wah , president jiang zemin and his entourage arrived in the songjiang middle school .
qiu shaohui answered the question and asked : " then you could not be macao ? "
beijing , 20 dec ( xinhua ) - - in his written instructions on the national mine safety supervision work conference today , vice premier wu bangguo demanded : strengthening security supervision and supervision , intensify the intensity of law enforcement , and guard against major and serious accidents .
the vast number of residents cannot be thoroughly examined .
the authorities also pointed out in particular that hong kong 's " 14 " " new yi " and taiwan 's " four sea " and " gang " " have also been one of the key tasks of the police in the mainland .
for example , the gang headed by zhang wenling city of zhejiang province was under the gang of the gang of the gang of zhang shibo city , former former former former cpc secretary of wenling city of wenling city of wen wei , and some 60 chinese communist officials .
guangdong has mainly tried to crack down on the criminal gangs in hong kong and macao and shanghai as the main force of the criminal gangs in hong kong and macao to crack down on taiwan .
the participants said that it is necessary to deeply study and implement the spirit of the meeting , give full play to its advantages , and give full play to the advantages of building socialism with chinese characteristics , political , cultural , and cultural services , and serve the motherland 's reunification and the world 's peaceful development .
beijing , 22 dec ( xinhua ) - - the draft law on the marriage law , the first meeting of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] , and the first meeting of the ninth npc standing committee , which began today .
the law committee has increased its contents in accordance with this opinion in the draft opinion .
there are four chinese people who have been in los angeles and the house of parliament members in los angeles .
the promotion of the promotion of state affairs and the promotion of political affairs and the promotion of the chinese people in asia will be equal , and the campaign of tens of thousands of people in asia will be also an indispensable way to enhancing their awareness of politics and politics in chinese people .
under the circumstances that the country 's peaceful reunification , china must strengthen its use of military means to defend sovereignty and security .
the open time must be commensurate with the openness contents of the public .
we should persist in the theme , enrich the contents , and strive to consolidate , expand , and bring about the results , and work hard to the new , seek new , and seek new , truth , and strive to make efforts to make progress in the work .
however , the kmt , who is about to go to the three centuries , still needs to face a different ideological dispute within the party .
the united states at the present stage is to prevent or avoid the cross - strait war . the chinese communists do not use force and seek peaceful settlement of the two sides .
the special historical conditions in the 20 th century and the special historical conditions of china have formed the great human talent of mao zedong .
more than 100 employees of the company claimed that the chaotic management of the company has caused ' advantages ' to be done .
it is understood that the ministry of science and technology will make arrangements for the implementation of the international science and technology cooperation program .
along with the growth of population , the rapid economic and social development , water , grain , and other strategic resources of china will pose a serious threat to the sustainable development of china 's future .
we should actively explore ways to introduce foreign capital in the form of foreign investment funds with foreign investment .
the state will give support to the advantages of the western region and exports of exports and exports to foreign countries .
the central departments concerned and the large - scale schools of the eastern region should strengthen intellectual service and talent support for the western region .
in his speech , he set clear requirements for doing a good job in party building work in the next year , especially the organization work of party building next year .
asked director of the interview to introduce a policy on science and technology education and talent in the western development policy .
according to statistics , last year , the province of the province had a total of 20 million yuan in donations from taiwan compatriots , which fully reflected the strong feelings of the people of fujian and taiwan .
they held that china will not only become a big economic power in the next century but will become a military power .
at present , with the approval of the state council , nine development zones have been upgrading the national economic and technological development zone .
with the implementation of these ecological construction projects , we believe that the goal of " creating a beautiful western region " will certainly be achieved .
in fact , china 's color market has long been in a buyer market , and the power of color television in the country has risen to 4,000 taiwan in the past year , while market demand is still increasing by 2000 , and the prices of taiwan are still in place .
in the long - term struggle , the cpc has integrated marxism with the reality of revolution and construction of the chinese revolution and has formed mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory .
in accordance with relevant procedures , shandong province has been investigating and handling the posts of wang wenwen , secretary of the shenyang party committee , and wang tianxiang , director of the county public security bureau .
beijing , 31 dec (zxs) - - whether china 's interest rates are on the stock market are on the basis of the opening up of the market , and the interest rate of the interest rate of the interest rate of the foreign currency has been opened on 22 july this year .
the mainland will cancel the restrictions on the business of foreign - funded enterprises and the number of enterprises .
the achievements in ideological and political construction have been numerous . the achievements of the training of troops in science and technology have been growing steadily . the overall armament and equipment have been noticeably improved , and the people 's army is advancing rapidly on the journey of the cross - century development .
we should continue to perfect and strengthen the management of the treasury bonds , prevent redundant construction and blind construction , resolutely reduce the quality of the projects , and ensure the quality of the projects , and ensure the efficiency of the treasury bonds .
it is not clear that there will be any mistake , and there will be various setbacks in this regard .
in the first candidate of the defense ministers of the former parties concerned , they did not include donald rumsfeld , but once again claimed that donald rumsfeld might become director of the central intelligence bureau .
with the disintegration of the soviet union , the international political arena has emerged a new pattern of a supernormal superpower .
the kmt senior officials said : " you have never recognized the one china principle and refused to recognize that he is chinese , and they also talked about what is " mini three links . "
china 's foreign policy made in 1999 has four aspects : first , relations between china and various major powers have improved and developed in a relatively stable manner .
he said : " the three links " are only one country 's internal affairs , and it is necessary to conduct " three links " under the principle of one china , direct , and mutually beneficial .
shen guofang : in the united nations and developing countries ( group ) , the rio group , the non - alliance movement , non - unification movement , and non - unification organization , we will maintain close consultations and coordinate our stand on some major issues .
it should be said that the overwhelming majority of weapons have been destroyed , and we believe that the abolition of the sanctions should be lifted , and at least , will be gradually eased .
if there is a " rock " on one side , it will be more likely to fall further .
it is understood that there are two nuclear power stations in china 's current construction of the nuclear power station , and there are four new nuclear power projects in the 10 th five - year plan period .
while opening up the international market , the china china sea group also made efforts to open up the domestic market and score certain achievements .
the chinese and indian peoples should further strengthen cooperation in various fields and make due contributions to the development of their respective countries and world peace .
the development of tourism cannot be separated from the cooperation of civil aviation , railway , transportation , and other industries , and the effective support of the financial and financial departments , without the support of commercial , commercial , and entertainment services .
this is precisely this .
the voice of arafat is not only from a radical organization , but now even the " falun gong " organization , which is leading to arafat , but some people are also dissatisfied with alamboo compromise in al - alam al - assad .
the mass work of creating civilization will be continuously deepening in depth , and will provide a powerful ideological guarantee for the reform , opening up , and modernization of the capital and the modernization drive of the capital .
when the clinton administration was appointed chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , powell held that the united states was opposed to the bosnia - herzegovina , and held that the overseas front of the us troops stationed in the united states was too long .
he said : since the cpc and the syrian communist party officially established friendly relations in 1986 , the high - level exchange of visits have been constantly established , and friendly exchanges have increased day by day , and new channels have been opened to the comprehensive development of bilateral relations .
am amok thanked hu jintao for his introduction .
we stressed that good neighborly and friendly relations with india .
it means that " one china and the central asian issue " means that it is one china in the past , and is not one china .
in the task of major scientific research tests , it is the only reason that is successful and that it is necessary to do everything possible to successfully fulfill the success of the project .
when jiang zemin and other central leading comrades arrived at the east hall of the people , they were warmly applauded when the meeting was attended by the deputies .
in view of the outstanding problems in the agricultural science and technology field , we should be determined to carry out reform of the agricultural science and technology system , speed up construction and perfect the new - type agricultural science and technology innovation system .
over the 30 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and cyprus , thanks to the concern and cultivation of the leaders of the two countries , the friendly cooperative relations between china and cyprus have been continually developing .
however , there are also some issues between the two countries , such as us arms sales to taiwan , and the united states ' research on the nmd system .
as a large number of countries with small space , which are weak and weak countries in space , are also able to develop anti - satellite weapons , such as space power control , and utilization of space weapons .
however , because the " enemy " special combat soldiers were covered with anti - stealth stealth clothes , the screen of our battlefield reconnaissance system was only a red - colored smoke .
after more than two years of arduous struggle , some countries in the region have gradually recovered from the low ebb of the financial crisis and gradually recovered the growth of the dprk .
li ruihuan , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau and chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the tea party .
some wto members spoke highly of the important efforts made by the chinese delegation to promote the process of negotiations .
in the document to submit to the news , i only asked the relevant departments to provide the reporters ' news organization , and the reporters ' letters and visits were explained .
the main method has adopted to be : first , it is necessary to apply the medicine to the neglect of the wrong ones .
many people in the united states have warned bush that he should carefully handle the taiwan issue , especially the taiwan issue , and prevent the overall situation of sino - us relations .
under the situation of cross - strait talks , jiang zemin and chen shui - bian have provided the favorable opportunity for cross - strait talks on cross - strait relations and cross - strait talks .
in urban management , it is necessary to strengthen urban infrastructure construction , and it is more necessary to pay attention to modernization .
in education , bush proposed a plan for " turning school into school " and allowed the low - income children to shift their children from primary schools to primary schools .
this proposal that the two sides of the strait signed medium - range agreement and gradually become the concept of us policy .
the case involves 42 cadres in party and government organs , 15 people , and 10 cadres in judicial organs , including 10 persons in financial institutions , and 10 persons in charge of wen jianguo , former vice mayor of wenling , former standing committee member yang yi , and others .
chen yunlin emphasized that splittism is unpopular and " taiwan independence " will certainly stir up war .
however , over the past year , this organization has far exceeded its nature of its organization as a result of its meritorious power , and it has revealed its original anti - china anti - china activities that relied on the international forces to carry out subversion against china .
a large number of facts have shown that " falungong " is now changing in hong kong and is now under a qualitative change . it is completely a false religious and cultural life . it is a case that may produce a serious and solemn analysis and solemn analysis .
both sides also exchanged views on us arms sales to taiwan , china 's accession to the world trade organization , the " national missile defense system " and " theater missile defense system , " " " falungong " and other frank and friendly issues .
social security system is a " security network " of social stability , and all countries in the world have regarded it as " the primary work . "
the united states should not make greater security in implementing the nmd plan , and it will only be able to take the opposite .
li hongzhi 's preaching " falungong " is a hull of the people .
by now , the united states basically has a basic strategy toward china .
it can be said that it is easy to adhere to emancipating thinking and seeking truth from facts , and it is easy to " understand it . "
as a man , the most hard thing is to destroy the child 's maltreatment .
is they bring their mother to the dead ?
innovation is the crystallization of wisdom and knowledge .
since the beginning of this , the governments of various countries in hong kong have also paid visits to hong kong and have also strictly observed relevant stipulations and will not go in hong kong 's activities of engaging in contact with political groups .
the spokesman said : some people have ulterior motives in their heart and hope that the united states and the dprk will be permanent hostile and fish in fish .
it is understood that on the basis of learning , various xinjiang units have also carried out special - topic education on " opposing superstition and upholding science . "
at the same time , various units also sent " special courses " to help the masses of people of various nationalities in the rural and rural areas , including the farming and animal husbandry zone , to popularize popularization of the education of the peasants and herdsmen , to clearly recognize the nature of " falungong " cult and to maintain the prosperity of the frontier .
this article entitled " upholding the one - china principle " and advancing the cross - strait direct " three links " says that the so - called " mini three links " are direct exchanges between kinmen and matsu and coastal coastal areas of fujian .
he said : everyone will adopt the draft proposal on the " report on soliciting the opinions " ( draft ) .
generally speaking , the " level " of li hongzhi 's so - called " level " and " attaining consummation " is what they do . however , " falungong " followers are obsessed with the heart of the cult and are still more confident about it .
he hoped that the two cities will further expand their topics and exchanges and projects , including culture , education , and other fields .
he said : the situation in the past 10 years shows that taiwan businessmen have invested in the mainland and are conducive to taiwan .
the report also quoted us intelligence officials , and the fbi investigation bureau has already listed a list of more than 3,000 enterprises , and these are enterprises that are set up in the united states and the chinese government .
especially overseas chinese and overseas chinese , have set up a organization of opposing " independence " and promoting reunification , and enthusiastically appealed to china for reunification .
the multinational corporations encourage the establishment of the research center and regional headquarters in china .
apec senior officials will be held in the apec meeting of senior officials from various apec members this year .
jiang zemin also briefed the guests on china 's domestic situation and the chinese side 's views on the current international situation .
in order to bring into competition mechanism in the electric power industry , it is first necessary to carry out reorganization of the existing industrial structure , otherwise , it is impossible to create the main body of market and fair competition .
the reform of the power industry is a systems engineering project , and is a long - term project .
according to informed sources , after committing suicide , zhuang rushun had no intention to be aware of the yuanhua case , first of all , li zhongzhong , secretary of the fujian provincial party committee , was involved in the yuanhua case , and accepted high - ranking cars from lai changxing 's huazhou city party secretary .
according to this analysis , the investigation team held that the " eagle " might be a serious lesson that might lead to the pilot .
for many years , the chinese people have made great efforts to support the cambodian people 's defending state sovereignty and territorial integrity and have made great efforts to realize national reconciliation and economic construction and provide selfless assistance .
some scientific research units have become leaders of some experts , and some of them have also become " instruction " and have become a correct opinion .
the spokesman said that while the countries countries have also shouldered such obligations as the signing of diplomatic relations with the prc , these countries should fulfill their commitments in the communique on establishing diplomatic relations .
ningxia 's grass - roots party organizations and grassroots units have specifically educated and adopted the methods of conducting education on legal system education , and have conducted meticulous and meticulous ideological and political education on the " falungong " addicts .
after the law was initially examined and sent , " the corpse was slipped from the west , and the other gang was slipped out . the death was destroyed . "
or even if this year , cross - strait relations are not likely to be changed from the initiative of various political parties in taiwan , and there will be a major factor that may lead to drastic changes in the course of cross - strait relations .
in this way , the 17 evaluation delegation has already been to beijing , and it will be inspected from beijing tomorrow to be a bid for olympic games .
he did not mention truth and did not mention what is more hypocritical !
before this , it will also carry out new missile support tests in march or april .
zhu bangzao pointed out that china 's stand on the iraq issue has been consistent and clear .
uniting , educating , rescuing the majority of " falungong " practitioners are the common responsibility of the whole society .
legqog , deputy secretary of the regional party committee of the autonomous regional party committee and chairman of the autonomous regional people 's government , attended and made an important speech .
in fact , iraq and iran are the third world countries like iraq and iran . they are fundamentally not nuclear missiles , and how can they pose a threat to the united states ? some countries indeed have a small number of ballistic missiles . iraq is a example .
with the long - term research institute of the united states , i feel that the americans have a strong sense of urgency , and very little have to be able to feel that they are not too small , but they are not so short of the fact that they are not too high .
in the struggle , the hubei provincial public security organs resolutely cracked down on the criminal syndicate , organized more than 300 members of the criminal syndicate , arrested 34 criminal cases , and seized 12 criminal cases of guns .
more than 100 fraudulent practice was to help liu yong and chil them to seriously injured .
liu xiaoming also answered relevant questions raised by the audience .
at the same time , we should promote the transformation of the rural grassroots power in accordance with the requirements of developing a socialist market economy , streamlining township and town organizations , promoting villagers autonomy , and improving the rural management system , and enabling the rural superstructure to adapt themselves to the changes in the rural economy .
in the energy structure , beijing 's energy resources will shift from coal and energy , such as energy , natural gas , and solar energy .
bush promised to establish a greater and higher defense system after his election .
therefore , britain demands that the united states and russia hold talks with russia is a space for their two difficult situations .
on the question of the rules of the wto , china has not yet adopted corresponding legislation on many aspects , and has been enjoying a reputation in the international community recently pointed out that china needs to provide service , telecommunications , telecommunications , and telecommunications support measures , and other laws .
liu ping , vice president of the guangdong provincial party committee , spoke at the banquet .
it is learned that after he will resign from office next year , jiang zemin will resign to resign from his post as president of the state , but will not have a theoretical conclusion .
deputy to the npc and lanzhou military district , fan fan fan gon , said : " in the past , a military cadre of the armed forces has often been a few paper boxes of clothes and materials .
in this serious political struggle , a large number of advanced collectives and advanced individuals have emerged in this serious political struggle .
development is the last word , and development is the main theme of the times , and development is the key to resolving all china 's problems .
we have a heavy responsibility and heavy responsibility ! "
in the history of more than 200 years of the united states , there are 1,8,000 people sentenced to death , and only 38 of them are white .
recently , a us scholar named jinshe reev [ name as transliterated ] said in an interview that he studied chinese newspapers and periodicals every week , and the chinese media have been hostile to the united states .
this is an important issue that is to strengthen and improve party building in the new period .
hu jintao expounded the party 's profound exposition on the importance of strengthening party building .
buhe , vice chairman of the npc standing committee , chen jinhua , vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , and yao jun - - mao , vice chairman of the democratic party of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , attended the ceremony .
reporter asked : do you think that china is now approved to ratify the " convention ? "
he said : all units participating in the cppcc national committee and members resolutely support the important decision made by the central authorities on handling and resolving the " falungong " issue .
judging from the development stage , china 's industrialization has not yet completed , and the process of modernization has just begun not long ago .
cppcc member zhu wenwen proposed that it is necessary to create a still more favorable policy and market environment , so as to bring about healthy development of the non - public economy .
zeng jianhui made these remarks at a news conference held at the fourth session of the ninth national people 's congress today .
we should vigorously strengthen the building of socialist spiritual civilization and the building of democracy and the legal system , properly handle the relations between reform , development , and stability , and promote the development of various social undertakings and ensure social stability .
the navy 's news is naturally a domestic propaganda on kidd - class destroyers ?
another respect of tang dongcheng is not only a responsible person but also an act that has the courage to study science .
the reporters asked an economist who was on the internet to ask : " is china 's economy really able to achieve a growth rate of 7 percent ? "
cppcc member zhang chunyuan said : in recent years , china has achieved remarkable results in agricultural and rural infrastructure construction , but compared with cities , it is still quite backward .
committee member zhao yuwu said that it is necessary to regard developing fishery as a key industry to optimizing the agricultural structure and increasing peasants ' income .
song chun - chun , tian chun - chun , hu chun - po , zhao haizhen , cai mingyue , wu mingjun , and others were also discussing financial restructuring , urban sewage , and new technologies .
he said : as old industrial bases , liaoning also faces many difficulties and problems .
entrusted by the state council , finance minister xiang huaicheng delivered a report on the implementation of the central and local budgets in 2000 and the draft central and local budgets for 2001 .
the report has a new formulation , a strong , and inspired people .
members of the cppcc national committee are generally interested in his responsibility . at the same time , he also had his views and understanding and understanding . he felt that this spirit is very important . i should indeed carry forward the scope of the cppcc national committee .
the outline of the 10 th five - year plan is the continuation and meticulous implementation of china 's " three - step " development strategy .
liu honghong has deep worries over this phenomenon .
deputy wang ruilin said : to promote the modernization of the armed forces , the key lies in the building of the contingent of high - ranking and middle - ranking cadres in a down - to - earth manner .
huang ju said : after the painstaking efforts of the shanghai people , shanghai has made historic changes in economic restructuring , the readjustment of productive forces , and the readjustment of the productive forces , and has initially established a basic framework of the socialist market economy .
he said : since the implementation of the reform and opening up policy , china has undergone tremendous changes , and has made great achievements in the economic , political , cultural , and foreign affairs .
over the past year , thanks to the support of the central government , the macao sar government has adopted various measures to crack down on crimes , thereby effectively safeguarding social stability .
we should give full play to the greatest benefit of manpower and financial resources , and vigorously train new - type military professionals with a solid material foundation for winning a solid human resources .
he said that the workers were standing on the door of the factory , and there was no conflict in the past .
" we must integrate our strength in all quarters and form a strong contingent of force in promoting structural innovation . "
party committees and governments at all levels must put scientific and technological progress and innovation in the key position in economic and social development and earnestly solve practical problems in developing the country .
these problems will be resolved without a success , and china 's modernization drive will be seriously affected .
the new project should be properly carried out in building environmental protection projects , and the number of projects for increasing production and reducing production and technical transformation should be implemented .
when examining and discussing the agenda and discussing the issue , they held that urbanization strategy is a major choice for china to realize urbanization in the new century .
we should strengthen the supervision and inspection of enterprises in the " three stresses " education activities .
in the process of amending the marriage law last year , the standing committee of the npc adopted various methods to extensively listen to the opinions of various quarters , and attached importance to the role of the women 's federation , which has yielded good results .
yao jun , vice chairman of the standing committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , yao changfu , chen yun - sheng , song jian , chen jian , chen jian , chen jian , chen jian , chen jian , zhang jian , and tanong attended the meeting .
at the cppcc national committee , intellectual property rights became a topic of discussion .
deng xiaoping also said that " whether we can eventually succeed in the final reform , or whether we can be determined by political structural reform .
guo bingsheng , chairman of the hong kong new industrial product and executive yuan , held that china is becoming one of the largest industrial products in the world , and has continually expanded the scale of consumption market .
as a whole , the total amount of military spending by the chinese government is much less than the western countries , including the united states and other western countries , and even india 's military spending is much more than china .
kim tae - chung also said to bush that the rok will continue to work hard to promote and dprk dialogue and will hold talks every step and hold consultations with the united states in order to let the progress of rok - rok relations conform to the interests of the two countries .
although one percent of the wealth of the people , the high income of the high income of the high income of the " big clients " did not become the " big clients of personal income tax .
at present , the new type of socialist ethnic relations between unity , equality , mutual assistance have been constantly consolidated and developed in ningxia .
in the face of opportunities and challenges , we can only live up with the expectations of the central authorities and the people of the whole country .
the rights of wto members will enjoy even more good treatment for the goods and service sectors of china . some countries will gradually cancel the discriminatory policies and measures of discrimination against china and further open up the international market .
we should continue to develop foreign contracts and labor services , encourage enterprises with competitive advantages to develop processing trade , and stimulate products , services , and technology .
from " going out " to " go out , " the opening of the country has raised a new realm .
in response to a reporter 's question , when china 's accession to the wto is on a wide scale , shi guangsheng said : after china 's accession to the wto , the opportunities brought to the development of the chinese mainland will also bring a positive impact on hong kong and macao 's economic development .
the middle east issue is also one of the issues that will be discussed during the presidential election .
after receiving the order , the ministry of defense quickly completed the preparatory work of the missile defense system within time and also made a missile transport of a certain military port under the air raid conditions , ensuring that the vessels were sent on time on time .
however , under any circumstances , we should meet the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of the people .
it is not like television aircraft , like the vdcccccc , can engage in " joint venture , " and can buy patents .
during the ninth five - year plan period , liaoning will spend 15 billion planting projects in the 10 th five - year plan period . it will also be carried out in planting and planting projects in the 10 th five - year plan .
he disclosed that china 's accession to the wto will soon be opened to the wto , and china will not have new projects for the joint venture companies .
only by seizing the opportunities , seize the opportunity , and speed up development , can we achieve a leap - forward leap - forward leap - forward leap - forward development of the comprehensive national strength .
after the us government changed its people , the development of sino - us relations has attracted worldwide attention .
leading cadres shouted that they would be like a saying : the power will be strong and weak .
lee 's two - - - like japanese colonialists , they all look at china , and have a blind eye to china , and have been very sorry for the japanese aggressors .
therefore , it is not difficult to rule out the new us administration 's attitude toward iraq 's policy toward iraq and gradually improve its relations with iran .
in the near future , the three major tests of the bush administration will be said that the two sides are only in a period of mutual tests and mutual testing .
first , it violated china 's criminal law and other laws .
guelleh said that djibouti is willing to further expand friendly cooperation with china in various fields , and welcome chinese enterprises to attend the djibouti mining and natural resources development and to participate in the process of djibouti 's economic development .
china 's efforts to merge into the world economy - - after further opening up to the outside world , gong gong gong gongzhi , who has been invited to be opened , has been more than one day in china .
basically , we have been built into an independent social security system for enterprise institutions , capital , and the system of ensuring social security , management , and service .
comrade deng xiaoping was honorary chairman .
even people want to invite li hongzhi to visit taiwan , saying that he would receive a high - grade re - education , so as to " chain chain " from a chain .
in particular , with the expansion of china 's economic growth and the enhancement of the quality of its economic growth , the further deepening of the reform of fiscal and taxation system , the proportion of the total revenue of the gdp , and the proportion of the gdp , the country 's ability to repay the country 's debts will be further increased .
in line with the implementation of the b - share market , we should actively study relevant measures of the overseas investors in china to attract foreign investors and bring into full play the role of the b - share market .
article 35 military scientific research units and academies shall implement a system of evaluation of military scientific research personnel . the contents of the examination system shall normally include political , ideological , practical , and professional skills .
in this regard , a report of the us think tank in asia at the end of last year , was " welcome " from the united states and the united states , because the asian financial crisis showed that " us friends need to help the united states . "
under such circumstances , the best choice of the united states is to earnestly pursue the one - china policy , reduce and stop arms sales to taiwan , and in particular , cannot sell to the " aegis " system .
since the birth of marxism , the generation of marxism has followed practice , understood , and understood the laws of the times , constantly studied new situations , resolved new problems , and created new experiences , thus pushing marxism to new ways and new realms in practice .
measures should be practical and effective . various measures can be developed .
on the evening of 26 june , a woman went to shi wanbao to the yanwei bao bao bao , who was missing .
we must adhere to the principle of " one china , direct , and mutually beneficial " and promote the early realization of cross - strait " three links . "
li xiaoyu told the teachers : " i do not have a lot of things . "
in our house , we should also leave the tool for the case after the loss of the case .
this incident in the airspace over the chinese south china sea caused strong indignation in the chinese people . it said that it was a us government 's bombing of the chinese government since the us government 's bombing of the chinese embassy in yugoslavia , and it was not very blood for the chinese people .
beijing and washington deal with this incident of collision between the us and taiwan will add a new variable to us arms sales to taiwan .
what is absurd is that the us side will take off the chinese airspace into the airspace of china 's airspace and landed at the south china sea , as a us territory , enjoy immunity , and set a series of demands to the chinese side .
the us plane 's actions violate the relevant stipulations of the " un convention on sea law , " and has undermined the relevant consensus reached by china and the united states on avoiding dangerous military actions on sea in may last year .
just as president jiang zemin pointed out , the responsibility of this incident is entirely in the united states , and the us should apologize to the chinese people .
fifth , it is necessary to protect the patriotic enthusiasm of students and people , but it is necessary to uphold the street and not to conduct demonstrations , and also believe that the central government will ability to handle sino - us relations .
justice is fair and restrained by the chinese government and people , and it will be fair and just comments by the international community , including the american people .
the " kyoto protocol " asked in 1997 is an important international document that mankind tried to reduce its own actions through controlling climate change through its own actions to reduce its climate change .
on 3 april , the japanese government announced that the japanese government approved the 2002 - year history textbook compiled by japanese rightwing scholars , and adopted some historical facts to distort the facts , thus turning itself from history and even to militarism .
all countries , no matter whether the south , the north , big powers , and small countries , should become the beneficiaries of globalization .
then , president lagos held a ceremony in the presidential palace in front of the presidential palace to welcome president jiang zemin .
on 5 april , they were growing because of blood and high - grade , and they moved into a local hospital .
from the election campaign to power , there is still uncertain factors in bush 's foreign policy , and various signs show that the danger of instability has been the mainstream .
santiago , 6 apr ( xinhua ) - - chinese president jiang zemin delivered a speech here on 6 april , entitled " the united nations ' friendship and cooperation in the new century . "
we urge developed countries to consider the interests of developing countries and take into account the interests of developing countries to jointly solve the problem of shortage of funds , debt , and backward financial and backward technology .
your excellency visited china in 1985 . i believe you will certainly see many changes in china and we will certainly be very beneficial to the two sides to enhance understanding and promote friendly cooperation between china and chile .
beijing , 7 apr ( xinhua ) - - the ministry of justice recently held a national conference on judicial justice ( bureau ) , and conveyed the spirit of the national conference on public order , and implemented the major arrangements made by the central authorities on launching the " strike - hard " struggle .
at the same time , we also hope that china will increase investment in chile and better use chilean port facilities to develop chile .
he said : chile has many good experiences in building the legal system and is worthy of learning and reference .
when president jiang zemin and his wife wang yeping stepped down from the plane , argentine president de la rua and argentine government officials welcomed president de la rua and argentine government officials .
( renmin ribao ) , a member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee political bureau , recently held a discussion meeting of candidates of the 16 th cpc central committee and the secretariat of the cpc central committee , to increase from the age of two to 50 years .
history issues have always been sensitive by various countries in the world which have been barbaric aggression . however , over the past several decades , some of japan 's total have been continually stimulating it .
in japan , in all parts of the world , there can be a scene of this kind of people in all parts of the world .
simple and complicated historicalization can only cause more protest and anger .
brazil , 11 apr ( xinhua ) - - china and brazil are the two largest developing countries in the world .
some people say that the us economy is the main killer of the world environment , and this is not just a matter of fact .
now , the variety of criminal crops are increasing than the past , and the degree of harm is still the primary link in maintaining social security and stability .
we should implement the " strike - hard " policy to investigate all links , such as investigating , arrest , adjudication , and transformation of crimes , and conscientiously form a powerful force for " strike hard " in the " strike - hard " drive .
a telephone voice wished the voice of his word and a fresh letter of concern . the passage of a fresh flowers , and the sun was thrown into a beautiful sun .
at 1100 on 11 april , us government representative joseph prueher eventually handed a letter to chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan , " president bush and secretary of state powell expressed sincere regret over the missing chinese pilot and the crash of the chinese pilot .
both sides have played the spirit of consultations and cooperation , and this both sides can accept the " win - win " result .
in other words , taiwan may first be able to take the " great " of the aegis destroyers , but the aegis combat system could not be found for the time . however , it could not be " body " and did not carry out the ships .
this arms sales to taiwan will be conducive to taiwan independence . that is the most sensitive root of the sino - us relations , and if things are really true , the chinese communists can be shocked .
if this is the case , what is it necessary to aegis destroyers ?
china 's economic and social undertakings have made great headway , but the task of development is still arduous , and we are confident that we can achieve our goals .
wang wei is indeed a good example for learning from officers and men of the whole army .
investment growth is a result of the state 's efforts to increase the investment of the treasury bonds , and it is also relatively low in the same period last year .
the taiwan authorities introduced the " no haste , be patient " policy in 1996 and the unemployment rate was rising .
argument 2 : the chinese side is tracking and monitoring the us military reconnaissance plane and causing the incident .
we should not let the people who have been playing an important role in making things right or not to be soft in making mistakes . "
a certain telecommunications regiment of the guangzhou military region conducted useful explorations on this .
the convention has been delayed for 40 years and for the " international covenant on racial discrimination " and the " international covenant on civil rights and political rights . " the united states has signed the " international covenant on civil rights and political rights " and the united states ' approval from the two decades .
these three cases are : sichuan 's advanced productive forces , including robbery , homicide , robbery , murder , murder , and other people , including murder , guangdong , and others .
some of them have been involved in the smuggling of foreign assets , causing a large amount of loss of state assets , and this has caused a great loss to some state - owned enterprises , and has caused great harm to society .
jinying and other illegal illegal immigrants were used to rob and rob himself , deliberately killing people , causing more casualties and huge amounts of money .
when the public prosecutor was " killed , " he was killed , a woman , and was killed in 29 years . he was shocked by the old age of zhang degui , a native of chongqing .
at that moment , a military reconnaissance plane of a country 's military reconnaissance plane " arrived at the " ignominious " airspace of another sovereign country and sent " holy gift " to the " holy war !
recently , the leaders of the five provinces ( autonomous regions , autonomous regions , and autonomous regions , and leaders of the four provinces ( autonomous regions , autonomous regions , and tibet ) signed the " decision on strengthening the civil air defense work . "
healthy and stable sino - japanese relations are not only in the fundamental interests of the two peoples and the future generations but also conducive to regional and world peace and development .
however , after china and the united states established diplomatic relations , the united states has not seriously fulfilled its obligations .
china is a big ship , and the party is a good man .
- - a nation with cohesion should love its motherland .
zhang qiyue said : china has always opposed japan 's political leaders to pay homage to the shrine .
otherwise , the consequences caused by this result can only be borne by the us side .
the main battle firing weapons carried out by the taiwan military have highlighted the new strategic concept of " fighting a decisive battle offshore " and also paid attention to using new weapons to use new weapons and tactics in the exercise to effectively test their tactical weapons .
in the evening , li hongzhi was enshrined in the study group , and at home , " a holescently " was extremely hatched .
he said : china and the european union have maintained good relations , and they hope that such friendly relations will be further strengthened .
he highly appreciated china 's achievements in economic construction and made in its own economic construction , and expressed his appreciation for the success of the business circles in austria and the development of china . he also expressed his appreciation for both sides in various fields .
" falungong " has continually spread its materials and made a long - term document of the material and mailboxes . they have affected other important documents and documents .
according to analyses , through this incident , people have noticed that the bush administration 's china policy is moving toward the third - point proposal .
however , over the past year , the new leader of the taiwan authorities has never recognized the one - china principle and repeatedly denied the consensus reached between the two organizations in 1992 .
the editorial holds that no matter how many mishishishishishishishishishishishes , if even the first " consensus " is negated , the least dialogue and exchange between the two sides will be stopped .
tang jiaxuan and his entourage arrived in moscow on 27 july to attend the " shanghai five " foreign ministers meeting and pay an official visit to russia .
the key is to further strengthening the legal education of leading cadres at all levels , judicial personnel , administrative law enforcement personnel , teenagers , and personnel management of enterprises .
i hope that you will become a truth and dare to make innovations .
in the current era of the global economy and the economic transformation of the developing countries and the economy of the country will not be avoided in the economic structure , especially the economic growth of major economic powers .
however , new delhi should at least be in a short term , not a tendency of a trend of trade .
taiwan compatriots strongly demanded that the taiwan authorities recognize the 922 consensus , and hoped that the two associations will resume negotiations as soon as possible and improve cross - strait relations .
the smuggled data were greatly reported .
i am a peasant son , and i can read as minister of the republic of china . i think that i would not want to have any thought of doing anything in recent years .
hou xiao hu and others used the use of customs work in customs work , and the conditions of people being familiar with and familiar with and familiar with and are being well - familiar with , and have played a very brilliant role in the entire smuggling activity .
however , due to the natural conditions , there are still many difficulties in peasants ' livelihood .
bush said : " we need a new framework , so as to enable us to establish a missile defense system that is threatening all kinds of threats in the world today . "
wu jianmin said : " so - called politicalization means engaging in confrontation and confrontation .
people in religious circles really understand the freedom of religious belief and the united states has no right to make comments on china 's freedom of religious belief .
the internal meeting was jointly formed by the three points , saying that after president bush took office , he regarded china as a strategic competitor , and continued to pressure china , and even tried to use force against china .
bush has now put forward this plan , obviously , deliberately violating the " anti - ballistic missile treaty , " and shaken the global security foundation , and triggered a new round of arms race .
he repeatedly emphasized on many occasions that india would seek friendly , cooperative , and good neighborly relations with china .
on 1 july 1997 , president jiang zemin declared here that the chinese government has resumed its exercise of sovereignty over hong kong and the prc government established a new law on the establishment of the hong kong sar government .
judging from funds , on the one hand , we have a relatively high cost of attracting foreign capital . on the other hand , we also have a large amount of foreign exchange assets that have a large amount of relatively low income . on the other hand , the foreign exchange reserve in the world will not resist international capital .
to avoid the big momentum of capital flow , asian financial markets have affected the asian financial market , and various asian countries should make joint efforts to establish the asian bond market .
the exchange of science and technology and industrial cooperation between the two sides will help promote the deepening of cross - strait economic cooperation .
the chinese side and all sides have maintained contact and communications , and the purpose of the purpose of the final resolution of these issues in geneva .
the us anti - cult association was set up by the new york federation of overseas chinese and american nationals of chinese origin in 1933 and opened up a door in new york on 28 april .
the yunnan provincial higher court sentenced the death sentences to death , deprived of political rights for life , and confiscated 50 million yuan of property and confiscation of money .
china and the united states have not reached any agreement on how to return the spy plane .
fourth , we should perfect the system of national defense education and strengthen the supervision and inspection of law enforcement and the " national defense law " and the " law on national defense education " and the specific regulation of the " law on national defense education " and also provide a basis for perfecting relevant rules and regulations for national defense education .
some us media have recently been very angry about the numerous remarks of chinese and chinese people , and raping raping raping raping .
premier zhu rongji 's visit is mainly aimed at exchanging views with the leaders of the above countries on bilateral relations and regional issues of common concern , consolidating the traditional friendly relations between china and the above countries , and further strengthening mutually beneficial cooperation between the two sides .
premier zhu rongji issued a brief speech at the airport .
the finance ministers ' meeting has reflected this very well , and it is believed that the work will be held in a timely manner .
pakistan is carrying out economic rejuvenation plan , and the chinese government is willing to actively take part in china 's enterprises , and make efforts to develop the economy in pakistan .
looking at the long - term situation , india 's rise is only a matter of time , and it is not clear whether india will become a " unipolar " in the future , whether india will have conflicts with the united states in many interests .
in fact , armitage sent a letter to indian prime minister vajpayee to bush , and the latter 's intention to visit india was to the extent of his dream .
after several years of storm and twists and turns , the relationship between india and the united states eventually was a new page in the annals of relations , and entered the track of improvement and cooperation .
to ensure the freedom of monks and religious believers , the central government and local governments have invested over the past 10 years and more than 300 million yuan in monasteries and religious activities .
the issue of resolving the water of the sea valley is of great significance in the overall situation of the national situation in beijing , tianjin , and other major cities .
responsible persons of relevant departments accompanying li lanqing on his inspection tour were wang chun , xu rongkai , gao qiang , lu xinkui , and others .
this situation is very good because the " two - state theory " has been very great .
with social progress , mankind 's ability to develop itself has been continuously and more powerful .
huang ju urged the shanghai youth to conscientiously study the advanced deeds of the whole army for the 10 th advanced deeds of the whole army in studying the advanced deeds of the advanced deeds of the whole army .
zhejiang province has a deep feeling .
after the crisis in the taiwan strait in 1996 , the main contradiction between the two sides of the strait was that from " one china , " " how to " unify " and evolution has become increasingly acute and more intense anti - independence struggle .
to ensure the concealed nature of night mobile maneuver , they have made no mobile mobile mobile and night logistical support subjects as a training task , and gradually breakthroughs in the " bottleneck " of training , training , training , training , training , and training .
if the nmd program is put into effect , it will undermine global strategic balance and stability , harm mutual trust and cooperation between big powers , hinder the international disarmament process and the proliferation of nuclear weapons , and trigger a new round of arms race .
your country has a long history , beautiful scenery , and rich resources .
according to reports , in the past year since the chen shui - bian administration , the number of people on the whole island have reached 2,6 people , and the average average of 7 people are all the most serious reason for the incident in which the people were killed in the past nine years .
this is very important and timely .
in march this year , the taiwan authorities even openly supported " taiwan independence " elements in taiwan and held the first time in taiwan , and they staged a scandal in the " world " on the island .
members of various inspection groups conducted concentrated training in front of the group .
for this reason , we have allocated a telephone interview to tibet by reporters liu huashi . the two reporters conducted one one - - the road of tibet - qinghai , qinghai , and sunk highway .
the two sides have different historical , cultural , social systems , and national conditions . however , there are differences in the same views and common interests on many major international issues .
over the past 50 years , the central government and people of all nationalities throughout the country have paid great attention to and supported tibet 's development .
after the end of the cold war , confrontation and confrontation have replaced confrontation and cooperation , and has become the common aspiration of the people of all countries in the world .
npc standing committee vice chairman and chairman of the regional people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] zigiglagagagang zang jayi , attended the forum .
last year , we both sides unanimously agreed to push this relationship to a new stage of comprehensive cooperation . "
economic cooperation between the two countries has further expanded , and venezuela has become the largest latin american country in china .
he has clearly expressed his own behavior in the form of doing things and keeping himself with one another .
the reason is very simple , if it lost the one - china principle on cross - strait relations , not only will cross - strait contacts be conducted but also impossible for cross - strait peaceful reunification .
the " traditional concept " is outdated for the large - gun tanks and aircraft carriers .
han seung - han emphasized that the rok government will continue to pursue the dprk policy that has been determined by president kim dae - jung since taking office , and highly appraising the chinese side 's positive role in safeguarding regional peace and stability , especially in promoting the peace process on the korean peninsula .
for this reason , it is necessary to formulate the fourth five - year plan for giving publicity to the legal system .
li peng positively evaluated the progress made in the two countries ' relations over the past 10 years and highly appreciated the important contributions made by the sultan of brunei and the royal office of the royal family .
jiang chunyun said : in recent years , the family planning association of china has commended a large number of advanced units and advanced individuals throughout the country . all localities have advanced examples of advanced units and advanced individuals . how to turn these models into a large area of big fruits and promote the overall work .
jiang chunyun also pointed out that it is necessary to attach importance to the role of the association council chairman and promote the work of the association of associations at all levels .
reporter asked this reporter .
specifically speaking , there are the problems that are old systems and the new two systems , and there are " collision between the two systems " and the difference in implementing the policy of reform and opening up , and there are also a small number of hostile forces .
we should firmly believe that the party 's ability to resolve some contradictions , difficulties , and problems encountered in the current reform process .
where will the new us military strategy lead the world ?
whether or not we can squarely face problems and expose problems is a severe test of leading cadres .
in his speech , hu jintao elaborated the basic characteristics of the current international situation and analyzed some new trends and changes in the course of the new developments .
li peng stressed : implementing the organic law of villagers committees has strengthened the confidence and determination of the peasants and the masses in building socialism with chinese characteristics and consolidating the party 's foundation in rural areas and carrying forward the superiority of the socialist system in china 's socialist system .
in particular , the main leaders of the localities should personally cooperate with the relevant departments of the local departments , consult them , and jointly study methods for resolving various problems in order to ensure that the resettlement policy is carried out .
bush said : trade between the united states and china is conducive to the us agricultural productioners and industrial and commercial enterprises .
after the war ii , the right - wing groups in japan were disassembled , and right - wing forces were greatly weakened .
these measures have effectively shown to the outside world that china has upheld the policy of reform and opening up and demonstrated its positive position on multilateral economic cooperation , and played a constructive role in promoting the process of apec trade and investment liberalization .
even many insightful people in taiwan have shown that taiwan has already come to the outside world .
zhang jian said that he was the first one of the chinese communist troops to kill one hour after a few hours . after he was shot down a vehicle , he was wounded to the hospital , and he was wounded in the hospital . four classmates were wounded .
wu yucong said : another agenda for the apec trade ministers meeting is to promote the implementation of the three - action plan , namely , the action plan for the collective action plan , collective economic and technological cooperation program .
recently , a vicious attack occurred in tel aviv , causing more than 10 casualties , and nearly 100 people were injured .
the results of peace talks were easily easily easily easily , but more important is to implement the treaty .
as it again became a major life , its strength has been strong , and it has increased its output has also increased 10 times .
experts believe that increasing and creating employment opportunities should become the most important task in the government work .
prior to this , bush was forced to force the republican party to withdraw from the republican party , and the republican party may further increase the danger of the republican party ( mash mccain ) .
according to taiwan 's " land army , " this exercise will be launched in the yiyang district of taiwan 's central asian and central asian regions . the exercise is the only special combat brigade of the taiwan armed forces with special airborne warfare .
relevant departments of the japanese government have also announced that starting 8 june , from 8 june , japan 's import of poultry products .
question : how should we establish a " explanation " of the " two explanations " on manufacturing , spreading cult propaganda materials , and preaching the acts of the law , administrative rules , and administrative rules ?
apart from signing the above - mentioned two agreements , the two agreements also issued a statement on " al - alk statement , " and the " dushanbe statement . "
the us policy will always be based on the consideration of the us national interests .
since the beginning of reform and opening up , the economic system , the forms of social organizational forms , and the masses ' production and life styles have undergone profound changes .
" great strides " and " cultural revolution " are two major events .
he said : how to build socialism in china is " a special link " in china 's exploration , " he said .
we must persist in our military 's belief in the party , and we must strengthen ideological and political work and strengthen education in ideals and convictions .
you have been hard for you ! "
the heads of state of the six countries also met with chinese and foreign reporters and attended the luncheon hosted by president jiang zemin and his delegation .
shanghai , 15 jun ( xinhua ) - - chinese foreign minister zhang deguang said today that all items on the agenda of the " shanghai cooperation organization " have been smoothly completed , and the agenda of the summit meeting of the heads of state has been successfully accomplished .
he said that this organization 's purpose and principle are in line with the interests of the ukrainian countries and people .
the " shanghai spirit " will have a bright prospect for the " shanghai cooperation organization " of the member countries to establish mutual relations between the member nations .
it is necessary to conduct the exchange of credit and to the public exchange of money and crack down on the activities of using false trade backgrounds and financing to conduct false financing and exchange of foreign exchange .
at present , most " incomomomomical " inc. " is the government set up . because its government resources limited , its services have been greatly restricted , many enterprises have lost their opportunity to develop and grow stronger .
second , it is necessary to actively organize the development of the masses in disaster - stricken areas and open up a broad way to increase their income .
although the government has not supported its political stand , it has also repeatedly reminded the nongovernmental units to pay attention to the united front of the cpc , but the viewpoints of the non - governmental parties are more consistent than those who are in power .
in recent years , friendly cooperation between the two countries has been expanding and positive results have been achieved .
several officers from active duty or not to leave the army , holding that our side is necessary to have such a strategic deterrent weapons to deter the missile threat of a medium range of missiles .
how can china 's financial industry and the capital market play a greater role ?
( 5 ) civil compensation system requires continued to improve and operate in operation .
the pfp also expressed opposition to it .
many provinces have taken measures to take no action to make cadres cadres at any posts without any posts .
luoyuan , research fellow of the academy of military sciences , said : history and facts have proved that the outcome of war is not the decisive decision on whether or not a new type of weapons .
in the past few days , i met with german chancellor schroeder , and minister of economic and trade affairs . they had extensive contacts with entrepreneurs and had fruitful results .
such views should be worth noting that business is worth engaging in business .
am am am am am am am ami , foreign minister of russia .
as for the signing of the " treaty " signed in 1998 , the united states and russia have even agreed to deploy the nuclear warheads , and further reduce the number of them to 3,000 .
rumsfeld 's new military strategy proposed by rumsfeld has abandoned this important strategic " cornerstone " and will shift the focus of war preparations to asia to the region to deal with " hidden dangers " and major events that may occur in the region .
however , no matter how how to form an alliance with lee teng - hui , it has indeed played a role in containing the results .
beijing , 25 jun ( xinhua ) - - on the eve of the " 26 june " international anti - drug day day , the supreme people 's court announced the results of four major drug - related criminal cases , and received severe punishment .
on the eve of the " 26 june " international anti - drug day , this year , this reporter interviewed jia chunwang , minister of the national anti - drug committee , and minister of public security .
he stressed that us - china relations are of utmost importance , and both sides should work hard to improve and develop this relationship .
we have accelerated the pace of restructuring industries and regions , and have promoted structural optimization and upgrading of the industrial structure .
the police will protest demonstrators and welcome the people to go through a mountain . one mountain of the mountain , lee teng - hui 's special train from another , and they would not avoid demonstrations .
the road of exploration will be progressing and will be successful and will be setbacks .
he hoped that through the current visit to the chinese armed forces , he would further promote the development of relations between the two countries and armed forces in the new century .
shanghai , 29 jun ( xinhua ) - - the 80 th anniversary of the founding of the cpc of shanghai municipality was solemnly held this afternoon .
to administer the party strictly , it is necessary to comprehensively implement the party 's ideological , political , organizational , and work style , and truly reflect the links between party members and cadres at all levels , and to conduct education , management , and supervision .
li peng said : china attaches importance to the important role of the us congress and hopes that the us congress will play a positive role in promoting bilateral relations .
in the past few days , the navy 's " qingdao " missile destroyer that is currently conducting naval training is moving into a brilliant scene .
the collision incident has shown that if china positioning its position as a " clear enemy , " it will certainly cause great damage to the international interests of the united states .
the overall level of the informationization of china 's enterprises is not high , and the process is not yet yet yet .
second , we should actively carry out reform of the financial system , actively implement the reform of the budgetary system , and concentrate the reform of the state treasury budget system and tax collection system , and continue to implement the " two lines of revenue and expenditure " and strengthen the supervision and control of the budget .
responsible comrades of the regional party committee , the propaganda department , and the united front department also attended the study center of the regional party committee 's theoretical study center .
the central authorities have attached great importance to the work of the party committees , the masses , and the masses , and the masses ' enthusiasm , and the conditions of economic conditions , and the time , and the situation is very good .
during a cordial and friendly conversation , jiang zemin welcomed zanoun to convey his welcome to the mideast situation .
she hoped that foreign investment associations will continue to give play to their role in the government and enterprises in the future , and more clearly reflect their opinions and demands on the investment entrepreneurs in china .
the source encouraged the nongovernmental figures who deliberately invest in the media have already stepped up planning for the media 's efforts to march toward the media .
through the implementation of this policy , japan 's military technology has developed rapidly , and some technology have even exceeded the united states .
the two countries ' decision will further expand military technology and cooperation in the field of military technology and equipment .
we should encourage officers and men to work for retired military personnel to work in poverty and contribute to economic and social development in impoverished areas .
the cppcc national committee and responsible persons of various departments and departments concerned attended the meeting as observers .
on the evening of 9 january , yang hyong - sop , vice chairman of the supreme people 's congress standing committee , held a banquet at the pyongyang chamber of life , to welcome the friendly delegation of vice chairman jiang chunyun , vice chairman of the dprk , on the evening of 9 january .
he said : beijing 's successful application will be a good thing . the beijing government leader du dede , zhang lin , and chinese ambassador to russia wu tao attended the meeting .
third , it is necessary to strengthen the law enforcement and judicial justice in the information network .
at the same time , the prices of the gitters of the grain supply and demand set by the central authorities have been set up by provincial level departments in charge of the prices of prices and prices .
to maintain the advanced nature of the party , it is necessary to comprehensively strengthen party building in accordance with the requirements of the " three represents . "
the arats and taiwan have many enthusiastic feelings about the development of cross - strait relations , and have done a number of practical organizations and figures from all circles in the past .
he further said : " peaceful reunification " and one country , two systems " was proposed by mr deng xiaoping during his lifetime , and the basic policy for resolving the taiwan issue was resolved .
if the mainland is forced to engage in official contacts with taiwan , all kinds of nongovernmental organizations in " white hand " are another model of contacts between the mainland and taiwan .
why is it that a chief executive who " one country , two systems " under the " one country , two systems " will receive such high - standard reception in the international community ?
people are celebrating , celebrating , and celebrating with tears , and greeting a smile with a smile .
eu officials have expressed their understanding of the negative attitude of the " kyoto protocol " by the eu officials .
the article says : the new treaty should also promote the development of economic cooperation between the two countries .
in history , the war of aggression launched by japanese militarists has greatly hurt the feelings of the asian people .
second , china and russia have further defined the direction of the different levels of strategic cooperation in the strategic partnership .
noted economist wu jinglian said that the chinese government has achieved remarkable results in implementing the proactive fiscal policy and stimulating the supply policy . as long as china continues to adhere to this policy , its economic growth will continue to be very strong .
this year 's cotton planting area has increased a large margin , and it is necessary to pay attention to preventing " moving out " and " selling the cotton " problem .
it is learned that with the cracked down on the case , the " protective umbrella " of the above - mentioned " protective umbrellas " also suffered by law .
short - term loans are 6,285 trillion yuan , increasing by 24.8 billion yuan , up by less than 36 billion yuan over the same period last year .
to achieve this historical task , we must make painstaking efforts for several generations , but the most important task is to build this organizers , leaders , and leaders - - - - the party .
in recent years , the research institute has achieved a large number of scientific and technological achievements , and has provided a strong technological support for the construction of a new - type missile weapons .
i may have a new prospect in participating the united nations this year , and it is learned that the government is now discussing whether it is " applying for application " as an observer to be an un membership .
in less than four months of this year , more than 50 robbery cases occurred in 30 counties ( cities ) in hebei province in a row , causing great importance to the public security department in hebei province .
judging from the demand of investment , in the first half of the year , the entire society completed an increase of 15.1 percent over the same period of last year , up by 4.2 percent over the same period of last year .
ye zhen also pointed out that foreign countries should have a clear role in stimulating economic growth and other contradictions and problems that need to be weakened .
in the equipment management center , the regiment 's equipment management center can check the data of the radar station and the data of the radar station at any time and the various data of the radar station can directly spread the regiment 's equipment management center .
after returning to taiwan less than two months , he was forced to establish a " small number of government " and the dpp was forced to form a " few government " and " four nuclear powers , " causing the opposition parties to the dpp to confront the opposition party , and the political situation in taiwan has been chaotic .
to reach the above goals , chen shui - bian will fully demonstrate taiwan 's " bargaining " role in the united states ' balance of power in asia and the world , and show that taiwan and the united states are close to relations with the united states .
in august last year , chen shui - bian 's first visit , he gave more than $ 160 million to the leonaaaaaaaaa , which claimed that the new regime would be able to reduce the assistance of the old regime , and would certainly be able to " increase " help " in the future assistance . "
on the contrary , senior officials , including president chen shui - bian , frequently have their words and deeds in light of the us time .
recently , technological progress also shows that the armed forces ' structural adjustment can be improved through the improvement of the structure of support and combat support units in the armed forces .
gauge , deputy head of the central delegation , gaugegege , wang zhongyu , xu caihou , responsible officials of the tibet autonomous region party and government , and political commissar yang deqing , attended the activities .
fourth , " taiwan will continue to maintain the framework of the government . "
both sides extensively exchanged views on sino - ukrainian relations and regional issues of common concern , and reached an important consensus on the two sides .
second , the public opinion is making public opinion , and pushing the so - called anti - instability in asia .
once war breaks out in the taiwan strait , the us government will face two difficult options : " if we go back to play a great role , " then it is necessary to " break out a war that will break out with china . "
the taiwan people have increasingly understood that the mainland is willing to exchange with the mainland compatriots , and these are important opportunities for further improving cross - strait relations and also hoping people to hope to see .
facts have proved that this incident is fundamentally a real thing .
while intensifying the rectification and crackdown on the other , we must also take earnest measures to improve relevant laws and regulations and laws and laws and laws and regulations , gradually standardize market behavior , and establish a sound market economic order .
at the present stage , china 's capital flow is conducive to international competition and accumulated experience in globalization .
the main theme of the mid - 1980 s to 1997 was mainly to replace the cfa system with the use of electricity , and the use of the computer industry to counter the speed of the nuclear power speed and to improve its accuracy .
due to the influence of the united states , japan , the rok , and the southeast asian region , the stock market fell down , and the currency exchange rate in the southeast asia region , and the economy has retrogressed , and the danger of financial turmoil has been restored .
he further pointed out that china 's accession to the wto and china 's economic development are beneficial to the asean region , " because this represents a greater investment and trade market . "
at 04545 in beijing , powell arrived in the capital of the capital of the country .
as far as space station is concerned , it is difficult to go on , and it is necessary to go to the people to go to the outside world and spend many money .
at a recent provincial provincial - level conference on defense defense and defense , this author has learned that the navigation management system of the navy , navy , and air defense system has been achieved .
the outstanding representative of leading cadres in the new period has been generally advanced .
the pla is an important force that embodies the political advantages of the party and the state , and demands that we should more consciously hold high the banner of holding high the core of the party and the state .
first , developing a large companies and enterprise groups have a bearing on the overall situation of economic development . many comrades have come to understand that they must take part in international competition and that china is also not in the large companies and enterprise groups with international competitiveness .
under the new historical conditions , we should conscientiously study and implement the important thinking of " three represents " and are the fundamental requirement of the party members in the forefront of the times and maintaining the advanced nature of the advanced nature of the party .
on 1 october 1999 , the national day parade was grand military review , the chinese army , navy , air force , and the second artillery of the communist party of china .
we must carry out propaganda in the spirit of the central authorities and guard against " using the wind " in order to prevent some of the practices of the party .
this actually is not unexpected , because the status of the name of the mama is almost very strong in the party .
we must resolutely safeguard the party 's leadership , oppose the party 's absolute leadership over the country 's name of aggression , and five , namely , the global economy : will we please please please please tell us that china 's military spending will grow by a big margin next year ?
in the war years , we must persist in the party 's absolute leadership over the military and frequently demonstrate the great deal of armed forces in order to fulfill the armed forces ' armed forces ' armed forces ' armed forces and fight against them .
veteran comrades said that studying and understanding the spirit of the 1 july speech is a major event of the whole party . as comrades , the duty of veteran comrades , and the responsibilities of party members cannot be abandoned , we must conscientiously study and resolutely support general secretary jiang 's important speech .
during the un general assembly this fall , china and the united states also had a high - level meeting . powell has invited foreign minister tang jiaxuan to visit washington after the meeting .
the us economy is still facing a serious threat of recession , and the european economy is not good , but the japanese economy is poor .
from 1993 , i could obtain a visa to the mainland .
this is an important enlightenment for the history of human civilization .
although biden is making a democratic occasion for taiwan , he has upheld the interests of the united states .
we should step up the establishment of cadres recommendation , examine , and discuss the responsibility system , and ensure the implementation of the " regulations " and prevent unhealthy trends in the system and preventing unhealthy practices in the selection and appointment of personnel .
in the final analysis , the socialist system is a system innovation issue .
war criminals of war criminals are the ruling of the international military tribunal for war crimes of the far east . they are trying to be sentenced to death or who are self - determination , and they absolutely cannot be allowed to be sentenced to an ordinary war .
second , to uphold marxism 's sinicization , it is necessary to give the characteristics and characteristics of the chinese nation and concentrate on the achievements of the outstanding civilization achievements of the chinese nation and the practice of the party .
at the same time , the global economy develops and developed steadily and developed by jia yibi and socialism has provided historical opportunities .
question : what new stipulations have been made in the newly amended " regulations " in the wake of the enhancement and improvement of the legal responsibility of the new law ?
zhao guanghua said that the amendments to the customs law had passed on 18 july 1999 and the " customs law " and the wto regulations were identical by the wto regulations . the general law of china 's customs shall not be adjusted .
practice has proven that china 's petroleum companies have the ability to go overseas overseas to bring more oil to the country , and we should increase overseas investment in the country , and strive to increase the proportion of oil - producing oil products in the relatively rapid volume .
people cannot help ask : what is lee teng - hui 's intention ?
this agreement reached by the united states and russia has aroused universal concern from international opinion , but the actual significance of this agreement is different from the parties concerned .
" our practical work is quite clear about this part of this part . " 1 percent of the project is carried out . " the research fellow fellow fellows of the human genome project are closely linked to chinese people .
i frequently discuss some major issues with the democratic parties .
" going to go to the " show " for military personnel before the time , the moment will be put into the " stigen " and " god " is now the so - called " god .
all the relevant arguments of the yasukuni shrine are " the war of east asia " and even call " the war of east asia " under the rule of white states .
deputy wu ming - ming , a ruling party , said that " prime minister of the prime minister , " although he has avoided the 15 th war day , he has been unable to escape the reaction of neighboring countries .
during world war ii , the iron - clue of japanese militarism trampled on the second day of the world war , and the japanese militarists had accumulated heavy debt for blood , causing serious disasters to the broad masses of people .
sixth , we should rectify printing industry .
in the new democratic revolution , the democratic revolution was in the historical development stage of socialism and the chinese revolution was always the leadership class , while the vast number of peasants always were the most reliable alliance of the working class .
it is understood that relevant departments of the ministry of public security have demanded that microsoft company provide more convenient , convenient , and quick and effective methods for china 's users .
shanghai , 18 aug ( xinhua ) - - this reporter learned from the shanghai police today that it was suspected that the " kingdom of a triad " of taiwan triad members were suspected of making trouble and causing trouble - making trouble .
after receiving the police , shanghai xingqiao immediately stopped the investigation and handling of the situation in a timely manner .
he added , " the party central committee demands that we be prudent in carrying out the work , and that there will be many problems in the face of the matter .
a number of local people from the increase of the informed sources also said that the beidaihe meeting was a bit bit over the increase of the member of the political bureau of the residents .
bush wants to persuade bush to unilaterally declare its withdrawal from the balkans and to participate in the middle east affairs in the middle east affairs , improve relations with the dprk , and restore the security dialogue between the two sides .
it is understood that the " guidance " specifically sets forth requirements and stipulations on the supervision and control of commercial banks , commercial banks , and foreign supervisory and supervisory authorities .
the vast sea sea was calm , and the waves were calm and the waves were calm and the waves were moving in the sky . the waves were all over the sea , and they seemed to be dragged into the sea .
this is an impassable " red line . "
after the cold war , the more the us policymakers held that the challenges in the asia - pacific region will be big in europe , and therefore , it is necessary to increase the security input of the asia - pacific region .
because japan 's economy was not zhenyu , but the united states ' economic growth was hard , this has made japan even more " weather " and " external order " to reduce its desire and decline in the united states ' independence .
the draft law on law on prevention and control is submitted to the next day : the draft law on prevention and control of the law on desertification is the third amendment to the draft law on the law on prevention and control of maritime space control .
because of domestic protection , the reason for the six - point proposal was stopped from the domestic commodity entering the country , and it would be no longer restricted .
non - public economies are a positive force for promoting china 's economic development and social progress .
economic growth during the period has gradually changed and transitional nature , not a stable and standardized economic growth mode .
according to sources , the policy of further stimulating domestic demand in the second half of the year has been discussed and became a policy decision at the beidaihe meeting .
china 's accession to the wto will soon be imminent , and taiwan businessmen will share the mainland market in order to share the right of retreating the hinterland market .
zhu rongji pointed out : drugs are public harm to human society .
tian zengpei said : china holds that establishing a nuclear - nuclear weapon zone is an effective way to prevent nuclear proliferation .
tien hung - mao said that in view of the actions of the united states in the un general assembly , the united states is expected to take a silent response to the us side , and that if the united states is at the same time , it will affect britain and other countries in the united nations .
( 14 ) seriously studying , profoundly and thoroughly implementing the spirit of the " speech " is an important and long - term task of the whole party .
the investment of foreign risk companies in china basically belongs to traditional industrial enterprises , and the basic thing for the establishment of a risk investment fund is to be set up .
it is precisely under this background that bush cannot but make some adjustments to foreign policy and some of them have become more pragmatic .
china has resolved the trouble - breaking problem left over by the overwhelming majority of its neighbors and has decided to decide the border .